welcome to my rants and raves and thoughts from hell, nothings taboo,nothings sacred,just my thoughts as they come ,so enjoy the rants of "he who has music in his eyes" blessed be .
the goddess has always come though for me, my magic has never faild me ,ever , whith that comes responsability ,be careful what you whish ,it will come true........and it always dose..
i am safely contained in this illusive sactuary,fragile walls of oppression held by mayas creation,this haven has rusted,its deteriorating,i long for my kindre spirit to find me ,let me sing........
BEHOLD it was a full seasone ago ,wean thoughts held patterns of trippindiculer zones,sing on high purple laughter a freash morning glow, we woke from our visions to us twice bestowed pedals of crimson kissed by the rain a mind full of wonder is the world really sane 
i know it cant be long, i know it cant be wrong,get away,far away ,far away to the sun i know i must belong,ive waited oh so long,get away far away life has just begun, ive seen the vision bright,confronted power might,celabrate,celabrate,must have faith 
music creates order out of chaos,for rhythum imposes humanity upon the divergent,melody imposescontinuity upon the disjointed,and harmony imposes compatability upon the incongruous, this is confusion surrendering to order ,and noise to music. we through music attain that greater universal order whitch reasts upon fundimental relationships of geometrical and mathmaticalproportions, music influences the rhythems of mans thoughts,the melody of mans emotions,and the harmony of his bodily health and mannor of movment,(as in music so in life) music magnatizes sociaty intointo conformaty ,music is the bassis for everything ,wean music is altered sociaty itself is altered,music is a tangible force that can be applied to create change, do you get it know ,
the goddess found me in my darkest hour some 22 years ago ,she reveald her self to me in this world ,and ever since then its been a very strange trip indeed......welcome to the dance ,welcome to the carnaval ,passion and warfare, to life immortal ...
i have read the message the magic number three, fulfilling all my whishes in holy trinnity, mystic waves of glowing light saterate my soul,giving me tremendous sight now wer free to grow 
so here i am 2 years after my walk whith lady death , everything is going rather well i could use more money but who wouldnt ,money and material things are not what motivates me any more ,the quickening,the journey,the quest ,thats what interest me now .. liveing in the moment and being my authentic self , thats what matters now . passion, love ,sex, beauty,style,freindship,emotion, whats whats important , the dance apassionata, 
i am officialy the resident commisioned artist for hee bee jee bees (happy dance) my art is in a gallerywhat a trip man ..........
Oh, and another thing. When I die, I want to be cremated, and for my ashes to be put in a cake. I'm not sure if I can feel clever for thinking that up, because I think I might have heard that someplace else, but forgot about it, so now I think I thought it up myself.Well that, and its stupid. 
I sawThe Day After Tomorrow. Good movie. I liked it. Very good special effects.I'm now a vegetarian.A few months ago, I discoveredurlLink lifeaftertheoilcrash.net . The site was about a week old, and was very interesting. I read it, and was thoroughly convinced that an Oil Crash would occur in the next couple of years.For whatever reason, I forgot about it. I don't know why I did, it just didn't seem so important. When I saw this movie, I rememberedurlLink lifeaftertheoilcrash.net , and revisited it, to find that it had grown incredibly. The author of the site now had a book out, which I will be purchasing as soon as possible. Go to the site. Now. Read it with an open mind. I know that I'm only thirteen, but hear me out. This is important. Read it. If anyone is reading this, go to the site, and please take a few minutes to see what the author has to say.Please. 
Yeah, I'm not really going to write any more about the weekend. It was boring, but now its over, and theres nothing more to say about it. acsaid she would call, but hasn't yet. On the phone last night she said she wanted to see a movie today, and I told her that I might not be able to because my family wants to do the whole memorial day thing. My dad really wants to see The Day After Tommorow with me, and I think that I should spend some time with him. Looks like a good movie, anyway.In other news, Cake's new album,Pressure Chiefwill be released September 7th. Cake rocks, people. Go buy their music. 
my thoughts i blog here in the form of a haiku i write as they comeupdates on a.c.? movie maybe tommorow parents may say nomy skin is covered with a red substance known as sunburn is it called?music i listen weezer and cake rock, "rock hard" thats the expression?someone called my house asked for me, said they were lucy i know no lucythe lord of the ringsmy family watched, but i only saw the endinggolden retriever my dog named cody layingbreathing on the flooras i type i think and i think it may be time for me to finish 
Its a weird thing about blogging. This whole weekend, in my mind, was just something to write in the blog about. I don't mean that when I got back home (two hours ago or so) I thought, "Wow, this weekend had some great material for the blog." No, while it was happening, I was thinking that I would be writing about it. I was writing a rough draft in my head, trying to find which words best fit the situation, in what way I could express how I felt at the time.There I was, on the beach, getting burnt to a crisp by the sun. I was building a sandcastle, desperately running back and forth from the wet sand to a bit higher up on the shore where I was building my castle wall. The tide was getting closer and closer to the wall with each wave, the water looked like Poseidon's arms reaching to bring my castle to its demise. Yet still I built my castle higher and higher, testing the strength of man against the forces of nature. At last it looked as if I had won, I reigned victorious in the everlasting battle between humanity and the elements.The war ended at a convientent time, a man and his son began to walk toward me and my family (who were higher still up the shore). After a few seconds I identified them to be the boy who was having the Bar Mitzvah, the reason my family had driven up this weekend, and his father. They had come to greet the out-of-towners all staying at the hotel. They walk over to my mom, and soon after she calls me over."Dave, honey, come say hi to thed 's!" I walk over, realizing that I haven't seen this guy in about six years. "Oh hey Dave," his dad says. The Bar Mitzvah boy is very clean cut. He's wearing a hat, but I can see his hair spiked up in the front, and very short sideburns. He has And-1 shorts on, some sort of basketball shirt on, and what look to be expensive basketball shoes. He's very tan, and is about six feet tall.On the other hand, I'm shirtless, pale, and covered in sand. I'm a pretty scrawny guy, and don't really feel comfortable with my shirt off around people. For the past year or so, my nipples have been rather puffy, and I'm really self-conscious about it. It might just be puberty, I don't know. The point is, I was feeling very uncomfortable as my mom and his dad were chatting away."Oh, Dave plays the guitar too," my mom says. "Really?ahasn't been practicing as much as he should. Do you really like it, Dave?"a 's father asks. "Oh, um, yeah," I said looking at the ground. "So what sports are you into?" his dad asks me.I hate that question. I'm not very athletic. I don't play any organized sports. Sure, I play basketball and ride bike at my friend's houses, but I'm not in any organized league."Oh, I'm not playing any sports right now," I hear myself mumbling, the best thing I can come up with at the time. This ackward questioning goes on for about ten minutes until thed 's have to go talk to other people. With that over with, I decide to go in the ocean and cool off for a while.Fighting the forces of nature is hard work.I'm wading in the water, feeling the waves lift me up, when I look over at my sand castle, and gasp. Its gone. All of it. Completely destroyed. I see a mound of wet sand where once stood a luxiorious castle. At this point, theres usually only one thing to do.I closed my eyes, and let the waves carry me back to shore. I claw at the sand, mumbling nonsense to myself. I hear my mom yelling something, but continue. I'm on my stomach, pulling myself higher onto the shore. I open my eyes, and look up, to see a thirty-something year old woman sitting in a chair laughing at me. What are the odds that I'm beached right in front of her chair? Really. I stand up and go back into the water, letting the sand fall off my body.Alright, I'm going to be honest. I can't write any more about this right now. Theres only so much I can write before my writing turns into total crap. I think I crossed that line a few paragraphs ago. In conclusion, go read the Doonesbury comic today. God bless our troops. Or something like that. 
"As mentioned in a previous announcement, we will be conducting hall sweeps starting today. You've had all year to figure out how to get to class on time. The gig is up people, you're too old to cut the mustard," the mounted PA box crackled.Our principal is always trying to use hip phrases to better connect with the students, so this 'mustard' reference wasn't too off the wall. I had accepted it, and so had most of the other students, but I knew what would be coming--"Did he just say "CUT THE MUSTARD?" asked an overweight guy in front of me with a hearty chuckle. This is the guy who makes stupid jokes about anything that happens, anything that anyone says, and is the only one who laughs at his own jokes. Yes, he said cut the mustard. You know what he meant, just drop it. "No no," piped our teacher, an elderly lady with an odd vocabulary, always using words like 'slew' instead of 'bunch.' "'Cut the mustard' is an old saying used when the speaker wants to express the fact that someone is too feeble to make an incision in mustard, whichyou all probably know is a soft material.""Not MY mustard," the same guy retorted. "Mine's CHUNKY!" exclaimed with a Beavis-and-Butthead-esque laugh.And that was yesterday.Today was one of those uneventful thursdays. Tommorow is friday, but I'm not really looking foward to the weekend. My family is driving up to a family friends' son's Bar Mitzvah. We get back Sunday! I can hardly contain my excitement! Three fun-filled days of family, people I don't know, and I'm guessing there will be blintzes involved.I have no idea how to spell blintzes. Oh well.
c : Are you sure you don't likekg ?me : Yeah, I'm sure. I feel pretty bad about it though. I really don't want to hurt her feelings...ac : So do you like anyone else? Anyone at all?You! I like you! You you you! me : why is it always about who I like? what about who do YOU like?Nice move. ac : Me? No one...She doesn't like me... I wasn't expecting it anywa- ac : Or maybe I just won't tell you.What sort of games are you playing, woman? me : Oh darn. Wait, don't you like thathdguy?No, she doesn't. Whatever. Just make conversation. ac : No way!Alright, I believe you. I think I'll just keep being a shmuck about it though. me : Whatever you say.ac : I'm serious!me : Its okay... I'm not gonna say anything...ag : I really can't... I mean, I'm not even sure...What are you talking about? You can't what? me : you really cant what?ac : I really can't tell you... it would ruin everything.No it wouldn't. Tell me! ac : Sort of...me : I really dont think it would, but I'm sure you know what you're doing. Pulling more and more out of your ass.ac : I wish I could tell you... I would, but like my best friend likes him too...Wait a second... her best friend? kg likes me, and they're best friends so...me : Whatever.No, dammit. Tell her you like her! me : Anyway, I like you.Stupid stupid stupid. What is wrong with you? How could you possibly think she likes you? Out of all people. Really, pull it together man. Just tell her you're kidding. ac : Right.This is your chance. You could blow it all off right here-- me : No no, I do.*smacks head against keyboard* ac : Of course you like me, we're great friends. You like me as a friend. I know that.She's trying to let you out easy! Just take the bait! Make it into a joke somehow! me : No, look. I like you as a friend, but then I like you.. like... the other kind of "I like you."Real like, smooth like, you know, um, wording there. You had the easy way out, and you blew it. Theres no way to explain this and not look like a complete asshole. Good job. ac : You're... kidding me, right? You like me more than a friend?Augh. Its all over... me : Yeah, totally.Totally? What the hell are you thinking? You're just on a roll today. ac : "Yeah, totally" to the first or second question?me : The second one.me : ac, yes. I do like you more than a friend. I have feelings for you.ac : Woah. Thats so cool. I'm such a loser... Whatever that means...me : I'm a bit confused, but alright.ac : Me too, why are YOU confused?me : The whole part about me liking you being cool, and you being a loser. That didn't quite click. Look, I sort of figured out that you don't like me... We can just talk about something else.A real man accepts defeat. Dammit. Dammit. Dammit. ac : No, I do like you, I just didn't want to say anything...And the rest, as they say, is history. This was a conversation we had online, but of course, I added in proper spelling and grammar, merged IMs, etc. to make it easier to read. We agreed that it was too late in the year to go out or anything, as my family goes away for the whole summer. I'm not happy about this at all, but thats for another entry. Anyway, I'm feeling quite elated right now. I know theres still the issue withkg , and I had to promise not to tell her, but I think there still may be some action going on at a party or something... Either way,kgdidn't bring it up to me even though she was online all afternoon, so maybe she won't say anything afterall...Oh, by the way, I hope you like the new logo thats been put up. In case anyone is wondering, the font is called "Whiffy." 
oklahomophobic- A dislike for Oklahoma and for anyone from Oklahoma.e.g., Tulsa? I'm not going to Tulsa. I'm Oklahomophobic.kaibo swabber- Person who cleans portable toilets or who pumps septic tanks.e.g., The kaibo swabber had failed to leave toilet paper in the porta-potty, which left Alex in an embarrasing situation.telefellatio- when you have to schmooze someone important over the telephonee.g., Hey Bob If Mr. Big Cheese calls make sure you perform telefellatio on himurlLinkpseudodictionary.comI've been browsing their website for about a half an hour now, which is basically a dictionary of user-submitted sniglets, searching for a word to describe the situation I'm in. Not so much the situation really, but the feelings. Everyone has felt them at some point or another, maybe not both these feelings at the same time, but you've felt them at some time nevertheless.A few weeks ago I picked up the book "The Tao of Pooh" by...Actually, I don't have the book with me to tell you because I lent it todg . Anyway, the book has given me a new outlook on life in general, and I reccomend you pick it up. Its a great introduction to Taoism, and the author explains everything in a way that is very easy to understand. He compares aspects of Taoism to scenes from the Winnie the Pooh books, which surprisingly have a good amount of Taoism in them.As mentioned before, the book has made me look at things differently. One of these things is girls. Alright, I know that I'm thirteen, and have no idea what I'm doing in terms of relationships, I don't know what love is, etc. Still, the only way to learn is to go out into the playing field... or something like that. I don't recall this as being one of the concepts in the book, but I've decided to tell people when I have feelings for them. I know I haven't toldac , but I'm getting around to it... eventually...I've been open about this when friends ask for advice involving the complex issues of middleschool love, and always tell them straight in the eye that the best thing they can do is tell the person exactly how they feel, and the worst thing that can happen then is that the person won't feel the same way, and that we will deal with the reaction when it comes. A big concept of Taoism I've been using in daily life is that we need to live in the present. We should be deciding what to do about how we feel about someone NOW, not how the person will react once you tell them LATER. I've had numerous discussions about this with (among other people)dgand her twin sisterkg . I've told them both that telling people how you feel is the best way to go.Sometimes, you know, your advice can backfire on you.Apparentlykghas a crush on me. I know, big deal. Just tell her I don't like her, everything will be alright. I don't act different around people who like me, so whats the problem?I don't know, this just feels different. We were good friends and stuff, and I really don't want to hurt her feelings.ac was the one who told me that kg liked me (and apparently has liked me for some time now) even though she wasn't supposed to. kg wanted to tell me herself, but I askedacto tell me what kg told me she wanted to talk to me about earlier that day (she had mentioned that she wanted to talk to me about something, I had no idea what it was about).aceventually broke down after hours of-- three minutes of interrogation, and here we are.What to do? I don't know,kgwill tell me tommorow.acsaid she ( kg ) didn't want to tell me, because she thought I didn't like her, butactold her to tell me anyway. I guess all I can do is take my own advice and tellkghowIfeel. On a lighter note, last night I bought the "Weezer: Video Capture Device - Treasures from the Bault 1991-2002," which is jampacked with music videos, behind the scenes footage, and other good stuff. Over three hours of video, great stuff...
I restarted my blog due to another blog I stumbled upon calledurlLinkTequila Mockingbird.Its a great blog, and you should all check it out. It made me remember why I loved blogging so much. Not that I blogged much in the first place, I think on my former blog I wrote all of about seven posts.I bring this up because I'll be taking a leaf out of her book. Instead of writing the real name of someone who was involved in something I deem worth writing something about, I'll put their initials, in order to protect the identities of the innocent and such. Anyway, to the writing thing...ac.God, she's beautiful. I've got one period with her, and I'm just... I don't really know what I feel. We're great friends, and went out earlier in the year, but I was a jerk when we did. I dumped her in a note (what an asshole) that was about two sentences long (bigger asshole), and spelled her name wrong (biggest asshole ever.) Somehow, we're still friends. Good friends, too. I dumped ac because she was going to dump me (yeah, I was an insensitive jerk.) She was being great, but I was sort of nervous about the whole thing.I had (and have) only made out once, and I knew she was going to want to, so I was nervous about all of it. Wait a second, why would I be nervous about that? Aren't I the guy who-- yeah, I don't know why I was nervous. But the making out wasn't the whole issue, I was just ignoring her and acting incredibly different around her. She obviously noticed and got her friends to talk to me about it (if a girl gets her friends to talk to you about something, its definately a bad sign. Especially if you feel more comfortable talking to her friends about it than the girl herself.) I knew she was going to dump me, so I took the low road and dumped her first. In the note, I explained that my nervousness and lack of attention to her was due to the fact that I didn't like her in the first place.After we broke up, everything went back to normal after a week or so. We were only going out for a few weeks anyway, and hadn't really done anything, so we weren't really going out in the first place. We're better friends than we were before then (we went out in January or so,) and do flirt alot. I like her, and I know I should tell her how I feel, but its so late in the year.Alright, I'm reading this over, and I'm really the biggest loser in the world. I need to straighten myself out. I think I should apologize to her, or tell her how I feel anyway.Confused... 
Nope, my name isn't actually Dave Vallace. I had another blog, yet it was discovered by both my aunt and little brother. Its only a big deal because some things were a bit personal, you see, and not things that aunts or little brothers should be reading. But then, who am I writing this for? Using an alias means that I can't show this to family or friends, because it destroys the purpose of having one in the first place. Oh well. More later... 

rlLink Thunder! Thunder! Thunder! THUNDERCATS HO! Forgot about this show... My homepage isurlLink http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:Randompageand when I loaded up my browser, this little reminder of a great show came up.
I'm not going to let this blog die, dammit. Today's meaningless short ramble:Rubik's Cubes are hard. 
I think I'm going to end up purchasing one of these Lomo cameras after all. I talked to my mom about it, and she really likes the idea of spontaneous picture taking. These cameras actually have film though, so if I was to post any pictures it would involve scanning. So I guess I'll be doing alot of scanning.Actually, I don't think I've used an actual camera that you have to put the film in before. Only those Kodak throw-aways...urlLinkten golden rules of lomography
s mentioned this morning, I packed "Utne" in my bag today and read it during homeroom. Incredible. Tons of interesting stuff you don't see in most magazines. The thing is, most of their material IS from other magazines. I'm not exactly sure how that all works out, but I enjoy reading it because its the best of the bunch each time, the best from each magazine.Or something like that.They had a large section about street art, such as graffiti and stenciling. They had a guide on how to make a stencil, and I made the ninja-type thing in the picture above.There were quite a few stencil/graffiti pictures, including one I loved and was able to find a picture of on the internet. In other news, we had a yearbook meeting for next years yearbook committee after school today. I tried out a few months ago and made it, which may or may not be due to the fast that I know most everyone on the yearbook staff. The meeting was mostly about advertisements and the theme of next years yearbook. No one was saying much, so I was contributing as much as I could, even though it was generally garbage. I did have one idea though that I thought was pretty good. We could have the yearbook be a computer. You know, each page could be a window, and there could be other computer related stuffs. Yet the idea was shot down. Oh well. Anyway, I think the yearbook advisor hates me already, and the next school year hasn't even started yet.I'm going to start taking a lot of pictures. Not just for yearbook, but for me. There's an art of taking photographs calledurlLink lomography , and from what I understand of it, its taking pictures everywhere you go, not even always looking through the lens. Making photography a part of your life. Not stopping to make sure you have the perfect shot, just firing away at the landscape, at whatever object you want to memorialize in a photograph. About a month ago, I went to their website and read about it. Ever since, I've been looking at things and thinking "Wow, I wish I had a camera with me." My dad is bringing home the digital camera from his office tomorrow, and so shall the reign of lomography begin.(Yeah, I know that technically lomographers are supposed to use a special kind of camera, but I don't think that's really the most important aspect of lomography anyway. Lomography. That's a weird word to type out.) 
My mom bought the magazine "Utne." Looks pretty interesting... from the inside cover: "Our staff searches through thousands of small-press publications aong with internet sites, newly published books, and other off-the-beaten-path sources looking for the best articles and freshest ideas."Off to school... 
So I took a cold shower. Not a REAL cold shower, because I was jumping around the whole time, and was only in the shower for about a minute, washing myself and hair the fastest I ever have; but a cold shower nevertheless. I got out as soon as I could, and was shiveringfrom head to toe.Now I feel toasty. I have no idea why. I just feel really warm. I'm still in a towel and bathrobe, but I usually don't feel this way after a normal shower. That, and I'm really woken up.Cold showers rock.Except for the whole "cold" part. 
Dammit. I was reading abouturlLink the history of Pepsi on wikipedia , and got thirsty. So I went into the fridge and got some Diet Coke.I better not be up all night. 
I cheated with the whole vegetarian thing tonight. There was chicken, and I couldn't help myself. In other news, I think I might askacto study for finals with me on friday. But then, thats probably the potentially most dorky thing I could possibly do. If you'll excuse me, I better get back to organizing my Pokemon cards. Night.Oh, and I think I'm going to take a cold shower in the morning. Go me! 
YOU'D BETTER WATCH WHAT YOU SAY ABOUT PEOPLE Researchers: Psychologists from Ohio State, Purdue University, and Indiana University Who They Studied: College students What They Learned: When a person attributes positive or negative traits to someone else, the listener will frequently attribute those same qualities to the speaker, a process known as "spontaneous trait transference." 	"In other words," the researches conclude, "politicians who allege corruption by their opponents may themselves be perceived as dishonest, critics who praise artists may themselves be perceived as talented, and gossips who describe others' infidelities may themselves be viewed as immoral.... The gist of our research is that when you gossip, you become associated with the characteristics you describe, ultimately leading these characteristics to be transferred to you." - Uncle John's All-Purpose Extra Strength Bathroom Reader by the Bathroom Readers' Institute, page 113 Just thought you might want to know. 
Last night I dreamt that tons of people came to my blog and posted lots of comments. Then I woke up, and my blog was still bare of any trace of visitation. I'murlLink profile 1854630at Blogger. That means there are one million, eight hundred fifty-four thousand, six hundred twenty-nine other blogs being hosted by Google. Even if one million of those blogs aren't active, thats still alot of competition.Maybe I'm going about this the wrong way. There isn't any competition, just other people exchanging ideas, opening peekholes into their lives for the world to look through. Still, I want people to listen to what I have to say, whatever that is anyway.And that's all I have to say about that. 
Still a vegetarian so far, no meat for dinner last night... no meat for breakfast this morning... peanut butter and jelly for lunch today... Off to school.... Finals today... essays. 
I'm not sure if mum is going to kill me because I didn't get home last night until 12, after she went to bed and I told her I'd only be 20 minutes at 9:30. But she has been pretty good with those things lately. I'm really bad at losing track of time, or ignoring it, lately. It's kinda a bad habit to get into. Well so far this morning I haven't done much. I feel bad about yesterday, maybe I did over reached a little to Jen's comment in Elle's blog but that's just part of who I am. 
Well today is pretty cruisy... Mum made me a scarf it looks so cool, actually she made me 2. They're purple and out of that feather wool stuff. Oh so warm...Today is raining and miserable but I think we really need it and its going to make the garden look pretty again- silver lining. I feel so tired yet so awake so the weather is actually pretty appropriate. I went to sleep at about 4:30 this morning. I really need to learn to go out earlier :P but it wasn't my fault. I'm looking forward to the tigers v parra game even though I will be incredibly out numbered... 
For the past month or so all I wanted to do was a Medical Science degree at Sydney Uni to then go on and do a post graduate medicine degree. I was set on this being what I wanted to do and what I wanted to aim for the HSC. Mum came home last night and confused me again. She had been talking to some Med 3 students and they suggested that I don't do the med science degree if I wanted to do medicine and that I should instead do Pharmacy, chiropractor, or physiotherapy. They said that that way I could support myself with a career when I do the four year medicine course. Now I'm confused.the other option that was suggested to me was to do Medicine straight away at University of Newcastle who still offers it as an undergraduate course. This would be good because personally the prospect of spending 7 years in uni isn't really appealing but I don't think that I could move away from home to go to uni. This is so annoying just when I thought I knew what I wanted to do. 
Today was just one of those nice days. I didn't even attempt to do any study and just took the day off to unwind. I went for a nice drive to Moss Vale and Wollongong, it was very pretty and there was good company too :). The weather could have been better but you can't win them all. I have tonight off work so I might continue my nice bludge that I have going. I have a HEAP of yearbook stuff to do... There are profiles that need to be typed up, it's so tedious but I really want to get it done by REALLY early next term so there is no stress. 
Well so the kids have finally gone home and I have some peace and quiet. I should probably study and will feel guilty about it later, but you get that. I have to go to work tonight, work isn't too bad most of the time. I am still really tired from last night though, kids REALLY tire you out. I think I will be waiting SEVERAL years before I even consider having kids. Well these holidays are already almost half over and I wonder where they have gone. I don't seem to have even put a dent in what I wanted to get done these holidays, but I always thought that my list was a little unrealistic. The teachers are all saying to make sure we're having time off, so I guess that's what I'm doing. I think I'm going to need it before next term starts, which is the serious stuff. I can't believe trials are so close. Everyone always says that they're harder than the HSC so I want to do well just to prove to myself that I can do well in the HSC. I'm sometimes so jealous of people who just don't care about school. I want to not care sometimes but it is not in my way, or my nature...I'll have a good day off tomorrow. A nice long weekend and then I can work most of the second week. That should give me enough time to alteast start to study for trials. I know myself that I have to put more time into study and that I have been lazy so far this year... but it's just so damn boring.Oh well here goes trying to study, wish me luck!
Well I guess there is a first time for everything and this can be my first blog... Well today has been good... it is after all holidays but i still have so much work to do. My step sister is down from Mudgee, going to the State of Origin while i get to look after her three kids with my lovely step dad, Les. So this pretty much means i miss the best game of football... oh well, i'll move on and soon be over it. 
Ok I know I've been a bit of a slacker and haven't posted.Exams are so stressful but they'll almost be over and so will the HSC, that's what i figure with how fast this year has gone. AND with the completion of the HSC it brings about lots of celebrations including being 18 YAY for me lol.I think my Chemistry exam today went alright but english yesterday is another story. I totally didnt answer one of the questions (King Lear) and just crapped on for a couple of pages. really pathetic. But there is nothing i can do now and I have time to work it out before the HSC... i just realise how much work i will have to do for english and how many practice questions.PDHPE is tomorrow... i should do ok but not as well as i could. but thats always the way right.well i better get to studying... 
I will probably go and workout this evening after work and before picking Dennis up from the train station. I think it'll be just cardio because I've lifted twice this week. I think I'll do upper body again tomorrow. Cardio tomorrow morning and weights and cardio in the evening.I'm sitting here eating a dang bagle for breakfast because Dennis rushed me out the door and I didn't have time to fix my instant oatmeal (plain with splenda)..you know someone is rushing you when you can't make thirty second oatmeal..My direct deposit worked for my check..yeahhhh!! It took forever..I am getting to work at 7:30 am..because we have the one day off a week policy and it makes up for the time..that and a thirty minute lunch. I need to go get ready for this mornings' orientation..see ya!
I went to the gym after work, walked ten minutes on the treadmill to warmup. Then upstairs to lift weights..lower body today. I did Smith Squats, Smith Lunges and Smith Calf Raises three sets of15. I did inner and outer hip adduction three sets to exhaustion, I did dead lifts set of three, thirty pounds and lying calf raises at 55, 50, and 45 lbs at 15 reps.Then went downstairs and did the elliptical trainer for 15 minutes.So I did the neighborhood and the gym and I took my hydroxycut.What did I eat today??? Oatmeal for breakfast, yogurt..cheese and crackers for snack..snackwell's crackers, subway sandwich for lunch..no sweets..dinner was a baked potato, with chili beans and turkey, lowfat cheese, fresh corn and spinach salad..I was full..I have not eaten red meat in a month and a few days!
I walked around the neighborhood swiftly this morning. That's a little over three miles. I hope to lift weights later this afternoon. I liked walking through the neighborhood this morning it was nice. Rabbits fear me. I never noticed how many rabbits are in the neighborhood but there are a lot of them. I weighed myself, didn't want to but I did..176 lbs. I dropped half a pound. I know I shouldn't weigh myself everyday but I did. I'm also about to start my period and have water weight gain. Maybe I'll drop more once I start it.
176.5 lbs5'3" tallbody type:muscularI stepped on the scale yesterday and discovered that I had gained 18.5 lbs since this time last year. True it has been the hardest period of my life and I'm coming back from it. I sought solace in food and I ignored my clothes getting tighter..I just brought new ones. A dress I ordered from Victoria's Secret came in on Saturday and when I went to try it on it was way way too tight. I ordered my old size. I had not ordered a dress from them in over a year. So am I sending the dress back? Nope..I am going to workout until I can fit into that dress. So this is what I did today. I got up, went to the gym, packed my little backpack with two twenty ounce waters, some sugarless gum, and a towel, and my weight gloves.I warmed up with 10 minutes on the treadmill and went upstairs and lifted weights upper body. I did 3 sets of high reps 30,25, 20 at a light weight..5-10 lbs. Biceps, triceps, shoulders, chest and back.Then downstairs and did 50 minutes on the elliptical trainer burned 500 calories..(will post exact calories burned tomorrow when I have my exercise log with me.) Then another 10 minute cool down.I'm here for support and motivation. So feel free to comment. Target Weight: 132 lbs 
I am trying hard to stick to my diet and exercise plan. The diet plan is just to watch portion size and to workout&nbsp;5&nbsp;days a week for over an hour a day. So far so good. Yesterday in the gym was blissful. I had energy out the ass! 
more excelerated. I am doing cardio longer. I am trying to go over an hour each session, unless I'm lifting weights. I swear my body is changing. My stomach looked smaller to me. It's not showing up on the scale yet..but I'm changing.Today I did 50 minutes on the ellipitical trainer for 619 calories and 20 minutes on stairmaster and 20 minutes on the treadmill.
 if I am able to make it to the gym tomorrow.&nbsp; I will have worked out five times this week and four times this week I will have done well over an hour of cardio. I still believe diet is the hardest part. &nbsp;Today I lifted with my legs..lower body. I did Smith Squats, Smith Lunges and Smith Calf raises three sets at 15 reps 70lbs plus the bar. &nbsp;Lying leg curls, inner and outer hip adduction and leg press.&nbsp;I did a 10 minute warm up on the treadmill. I did 45 minutes on the elliptical trainer. 15 minutes on the stairclimber and 10 minutes cooldown on the treadmill. I burned about 680 calories..more or less..&nbsp;I'm home alone today..tonight..for the last three hours. Dennis is over at Scotts.&nbsp; The kids are in Virginia.
Went to Virginia. Didn't workout. I'm getting back into the swing of things but it's hard because I've been having dentist appts and other things that interrupt my workout time. I'm trying though.20 mins of stairclimber and 15 minutes run/walk on the treadmill yesterday. Plan to workout again today.
I met my workout goals for last week. I exceeded them. I am down to 174 lbs as of Sunday. I worked out hard last week. This week, I skipped Monday. Today I have to hit the gym after work. My plan to walk this morning in the neighborhood failed..I slept in. Exhausted from the weekend. More later.
I am in the second day of my period and it's just not real cool to do heavy activity. I'll be in the gym tomorrow.
But I have been working out religiously. I was in the gym six days a week last week. I think my diet is what's killing me. I love food. The exercise will fall into place, it's diet where my focus should be. 
Hawaii is the best place that you could ever go. I started going to hawaii when I was 3 years old and I still am with my family. they take us every year for my dads bank vacation, my dad works at The Bank Of Willits. He rocks. I love to surf whenever I go there and I love to meet all of the hawaiian boys THEY ARE HOT. lol. Anway surfing is really fun, you should try it sometime. I go to hawaii every year and it is always a different smell different breeze and many different sound of the earth. It is great. Night time is so beautiful I can stay up all night and necer get tired. I always feel so far away in my own world when I am in Hawaii it is great. I dont have to think about anything important when I am there. Just GUYS. lol
Hey I am learning to drive and it is easy, but I only know how to drive automatics they are the easiest. I am going to drive on are paved road tommarow and I am so excited I hope that I dont crash. I drove up to are house and backed out of the garage and into the garage it is so fun. I am the only one who is excited about driving I have&nbsp;17 year old sister and she doesnt want to drive, plus she doesnt have time. She swims.
Yeah swimming. Swimming is a great sport and hobbie to do, I have been swimming for nine years aand it has gave me a great tan and make me strong. Everyday I try to get faster, it isnt that hard to get fast you just need to go to practice and that will help you. I love swimming becasue I meet a lot of new people, they are all the best people I met. When I&nbsp; swim I feel so good and I love it and I hop you people will join. You will have fun.
Hey I love food. FOOD.FOOD.FOOD.FOOD. I love fooood. The food that I ,love is Top Ramen, Mangos, Popcorn, and everything else you can think of. I also care about CHOCOLATE how ever you spell that, I love chocolate and YUM. How many of you love food?
Hey I love the friends that I have. I had a really bad life when I went to school in Willits at the Middle School. I hung out the with the wrong people. They made my life miserable. I joined the Ukiah Swim Team and I made a lot of friends there they all convinced me to go to Ukiah High and I said yes. I met all these nice people, I met Tess Pasternak, Wiltly Sassen, Jeremy Pollard and alot of nice and great peopl, the person that I think really inspires me is Elley Cannon she is the greatest frined ever and she is always making you laugh and well she always makes me laugh. Ilove her to death.
So I had my Astronomy 110 final tonight.I wasn't doing to well in there to begin with.But, the instructor told me last week that I could pull a low B if i did really well on my final.So, hopefully, I did really well.I feel like I passed the final...then again, I felt good on the last 2 exams, and didn't do well at all.So here's to me hopefully getting a passing grade in there! 
So last night I message my buddy on Yahoo Messenger...I message him with "watcha doin?" and he starts accusing me of hacking his computer.His excuse was that twice I asked him "watcha doin" while he was logging into his router.I was laughing for hours... 
Today I had my final exam in History 120...I did pretty good (At least a high B I think).I don't really like the instructor though.Bunch of things he does that I don't like.1.He requires people to partcipate in class for participation points.Everyone is required to have 50 participation points.That means, I'd have to raise my hand 50 times...Or, write a couple thesis papers between 1 and 1 1/2 pages long for 10 points each paper. I chose to write the papers.2.He got the class into a few political discussions.If I wanted to get into political discussion, I take a political science class.He also got the class into a religious discussion.Irritating.3.He writes his notes on the chalk board, but jumps around too much to follow.WTF?I can't remember my 4th reason, but it'll come to me later... 
Well, I went to the neurologist yesterday to see if I have carpal tunnel.So after sending electrical currents through my nerves, he said I don't have carpal tunnel, but the nerve response in both arms is slow.I told him I dislocated my left shoulder about 5 years ago, so he starts checking out the nerves higher on the arm.Then he pulls out this needle.This needle hooks up to the machine.He starts poking the needle into various muscles.I wasn't too comfortable about it.It hurt for the most part, especially when he started sticking the needle in the back of my neck.That was the worst.So, in the end, he found no evidence of pinched nerves, nor carpal tunnel.The doctor did say that I have slight nerve damage in both arms, and that I should get tested for diabetes.I don't want to get tested for diabetes.If it comes back positive, I'd have to change my eating habits, and probably stop drinking Pepsi.I guess I can change to caffeine free diet pepsi (tastes just like pepsi) cause diet pepsi tastes like crap.Oh well.I guess I'll get tested later...hehe 
So I spent most of last week (Thursday-Sunday) working on installing Gentoo Linux on the dual pIII sitting over there ------->Lots of compiling! =)Now that its installed, I've been emerging programs left and right, getting the computer just right.I put Winblows XP Pro back onto the laptop, so now I can run eTools when I game (D&D).HP does their pcmcia weird.It wouldn't work correctly in gentoo.So I've had no wireless until I put XP back on the laptop.That's ok. I have the dual pIII with gentoo now. 
Finally got a copy of this photo on the computer.This is me in my Disco getup.urlLink
First good image of Titan's surface.Check out the websiteurlLink here . urlLink
Just testing out this new Picture sender from Hello....Picture is of Saturn.urlLink
I've been following the Cassini-Huygens mission to Saturn.It has taken some awsome pictures.It started to map out Titan's surface.If you like space and all that good stuff, check out the Cassini-Huygens web page out aturlLink http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov/index.cfm .After that, if you would like to discuss the mission, connect your IRC client to irc.freenode.net and join #cassini .JPL staffers show up when they can to talk about the mission.You can find up the up to date log of #cassiniurlLink here . 
Ok.So my unemployment extension ran out, so I needed to pick up a job to take care of my car payment, insurance, cell phone, and tivo.I've put hundreds of applications in, ranging from IT jobs to crap retail jobs.I got hired at Starbucks.It sucks but its enough for my bills while I'm going to school.I've never worked retail before.This will hopefully just be a temporary thing.I've got another job I want to get, but am just waiting for it to open up.I slipped and fell on my ass today at work.Hurt my ego more than anything.So now my back hurts (more than it did earlier today).I've already got chronic back pain...and a bad knee...and nerve damage in both arms.I'm falling apart.Oh well...I'll bitch about something else later... 
I just started this and I have no idea how to do anything. lol. Well we'll see how this goes. 
BySixpence None the RicherI'm going nowhere and I'm going to take my timeAll the questions in the world I can leave in my mindI'm waiting on the sunshine, the sunshine I'm waiting for answersI'm waiting to figure it outI trip on my chancesI slip through my doubtI'm going nowhere and I'm going to take my timeall the questions in the world I can leave in my mindI'm waiting on the sunshine, the sunshine the sunshinewell it seems that my weaknessis sometimes my only strengthand in my incompletenessyou get your wayI'll be around and I will find my way back downand I'll see the sound of the sun I'm going nowhere and I'm going to take my timeall the questions in the world I can leave in my mindI'm waiting on the sunshine, the sunshinethe sunshine
Wow. I can't believe how fast the summer's gone by. But WAIT! It's NOT over yet!! You know, if I was in school right now, the next 2 weeks and 1/2 would be a really long vacation. So I have to keep thinking that way. NotSchool's almost here,but2&1/2 week Holiday.Hey, that's longer than Christmas break. I'm not too anxious or whatever about starting again, it's just the same old, same old to me. I always like to get new clothes! That's the fun part, of course. Everyone is so scared about seeing people again. It's only been 3 months! Not three years! And like, who really cares what ppl think about you. So I don't look totally different.~ So what? I've given up on the whole must-try-harder-to-improve-my-look craze, I just wear what I like &amp; have my hair and make-up the way I want it. I remember in 8th grade I would wake up at a quarter to 6 sometimes so I could get my face and hair just right. Now I wake up at 6:30, and spend a 30 minutes on all of that. (mostly because it's early and it takes forever to wake up) Anyway, I'm rambling.. as usual. 
 
 urlLinkLife could be worse.....&nbsp; urlLink
 urlLinkHere is another picture of Hutch. As you may be aware, Hutch spent five years defending your country. Now, after bettering himself at university he is £20,000 in debt. He is poor and unemployed. Money is going to start leaving his account at a great rate of knots in the near future and no-one seems to want to employ him. With this is mind, it would seem that he has only one more option open to him. He is going to grow a beard of some description, start wearing glasses and move to South America to start a new life under the name of Eduardo. With his previous military experience and financial prowess (!) there is little doubt that he will soon end up as either a drug baron or the dictator of a small country. Inorder to counter this it is suggested that if you ever meet Hutch you should buy him a drink or, if you are in a position to, offer him a job in a financial institution (he has an MSc Finance and Management by the way). After all, could you live with yourself knowing that you had it in your power to stop a dictator before he gets going?&nbsp; urlLink
 urlLinkRemember, support Hutch. No one wants another dictator - Khofi Annan&nbsp; urlLink
 urlLinkThe British Army (2006)? British Army News I: I read with interest in Bombs and Guns Weekly that the American Army now has more smart weapons than smart soldiers. In fact, according to a recent pentagon release, the smart bombs will now be doing all the thinking which will allow the Americans to realise savings by only employing extremely stupid soldiers. It is interesting to note that the Ministry of Defence has eschewed this approach in favour of not spendingmuch in the way of smart weapons whilst at the same time not spending much in the way of anything else either, including manning. Below is a recent excerpt from Hansard.Chancellor Gordon 'Fatboy' Brown:....and the defence budget will be reduced to £14.50 by 2006.Defence Minister Buffhoon:..which will leave us with 3 soldiers and a Datschund called Colin. These will be more than enough for the operations we are currently mounting in 46 different countries.Prime Minister Bliar: Wibble.Unemployed Bum Hutch: Wayne who...?&nbsp; urlLink
 urlLinkThis man defended your country! No fucking wonder we are invaded daily by terrorists disguised as orphans!!!!! The above photo is hutch, a man who is deceptively hard! Or is he? I mean is hard mincing round in your pyjamas with people who can't even punch? Or being an army receptionist? I think he answered the phone or something.The one redeeming feature of the man named after a bunny home is that, in the good old tradition of british squaddies, he fucking hates everybody. Well at least everybody who he has ever met! After a failed attempt to be employed by Goldbergs Sack he is now turning his career toward the comedy route as offers flood in for him to front Whiteadder the new british tv show. He is currently in acting school learning to be a sarcy ex-soldier with a vicious social streak! (shouldn't take long). For a man so vehemently english, Hutch refuses to watch harry potter and while the nation came to a standstill to watch us lose on penalties again, he calmly read his paper in the middle of a crowded pub wondering what all the fuss was about.However, he is a massive fan of Wayne Bridge, and fawned like a schoolgirl when he met his childhood hero face to face.Stew&nbsp; urlLink
 urlLinkThe photo above is of Stew who's currently finishing off his MSc Sports Psychology at Loughborough University. That's like a real masters, only without the work. He was captain of the Uni American Football team this year. "The what......?" I hear you cry. Yes, people do actually play American Football outside of the USA. Apparently it is an infinitely varied sport with a multitude of specialist positions and tactics. However, Stews job is to dress up in more armour than a copper on may-day and sprint forward two metres in a straight line into people. Head first. Repeatedly.Talking of team sports, Stew had a bit of a result with one of the lovely ladies of Loughborough Uni earlier this year when he earned himself an "assist", if you get what i mean. His partner for the "play" was (Tiny) Dan, (tiny referring to his stature you understand) who is the teams quarterback. Well done lads, you are both fine representatives of the Uni and prove that when the going gets tough the offence and defence are more than happy to work together as a team. Oh yeah, Stew will be contributing to this blog as well.&nbsp; urlLink
Accomplishments this week: --had good conversations with: -- urlLink Martin Leonard , Executive Director of theurlLink Alaskan Outdoor Center , Bethel --Hugh Short, owner,urlLink Subway of Bethel , Mayor of Bethel and VP of Support Services,urlLink Yukon-Kuskokwim Health Corporation--Robin Thompson, owner,urlLink The UPS Store, Bethel They're all entrepreneurs and they're all willing to serve on the AIN Advisory Board.Willing to stand for election to the Governance Board: -- urlLink Bryce Edgemon , COO,urlLink Bristol Bay Economic Development Corporation , Dillingham.Thinking about standing for election to the Governance Board: -- urlLink Maver Carey , CEO,urlLink The Kuskokwim Corporation , Anchorage -- urlLink Sheila Finkenbinder , Executive Director,urlLink The Sitka Business Incubator , Sitka My morale:(5 high and 1 low) 5, hey, we're still rolling! One idea that would make me, the Board or Alaska InvestNet even more effective: Use Rickover Agendas to make tracking Board actions and projects easier. Admiral Rickover, builder of the modern U.S. nuclear navy hated inefficient meetings. He used the following agenda format and would fill the agenda out as the meeting progressed. At the end of the meeting. Presto! Instant minutes and a tracking document.Format:DecisionY/NWho By When 1. To do xyz Y TimJuly 9 2. To do abc N Next AIN Governance Board meeting:Tuesday, July 13 at 2:30 pm Alaska at Steve Mahoney's key topics: long-term planning and nominations of new governance members
DOES EDUCATION AND SCHOOL QUALITY AFFECT ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT? In their most recent publication, the Knowledge Works Foundation (KWF) discusses the relationship between education and economic prosperity.The paper cites research from the Brookings Institution and noted education policy authors attributing the U.S.’s success as a knowledge-based economy to a relatively well-educated workforce.The research also extends the relationship between education and prosperity to state and local economies.In a study of school districts with court-mandated public school funding, increases in education spending immediately raised real estate values.In addition, cities with a well-educated workforce and strong public school system during the last decade were the areas to experience the greatest amount of population and income growth. urlLink View the paper online. Source:urlLink Southern Compass newsletter, July 6, 2004A good collection of evidence that a well-educated workforce is related to success as a knowledge-based economy -- just in case one ever needs it.
/15 Report Accomplishments this week:--held a Governance Board meeting on Wednesday, June 30 at Steve Mahoney's home and all the board members made it -- in person or by teleconference --got caught up on AIN Board business with Rick, Steve, Katie, Bruce and Allan --had lunch with Allan on Friday, July 2nd and covered the waterfront with brainstorming My morale:(5 high and 1 low) 5, hey things are starting to roll with Alaska InvestNet! One idea that would make me, the Board or Alaska InvestNet even more effective:I thought of starting to write weekly 5/15 reports as Board Chair to keep in touch with everyone. (5/15's take 15 minutes to write and 5 minutes to read and follow this format here. They list accomplishments for the past week. They're an invention of Yvon Chouinard, the owner of the Patagonia clothing company to keep in touch with his managers.) Allan suggested putting it on a weblog.Next AIN Governance Board meeting: Tuesday, July 13 at 2:30 pm Alaska at Steve Mahoney's key topics: long-term planning and nominations of new governance members
and thenominees are....for,least sane : justin lin, daniel pham, amanda thesmost likely to die first : neil, ha, benitafor,best friend : i shouldnt have to answer this...i might get jumpedbenita for,funniest : pranay, nick, daniel phamfor,coolest: shalin [ haha j/k] ha, barira, benita, niravfor,stupidest : ha, benita, nitafor,smartest : pranay, shalin, ha, nick, span, niravfor,hottest : pranay, nick, parth, niravfor,most stylish : tram, tiwa, nitafor,best boobs: pranay, nick, niravfor,best listener : benita, ha, stephenfor,most likely to give GOOD advice : ha, nirav, benitafor,weirdest : pranay, nick, amanda, stephen, ha, neilfor,most likely to use a magazine/ newspaper when out of toilet paper : daniel lui, shalin, nickfor,most likely to have a stick stuck up their ass : neil, shalinfor , most likely to get knocked up before getting married : span, pranay, niravfor,most likely to acheive world peace : ursula, daniel pham, niravbest real boobs : members of the my boobs are real club [ aka: nirav, nick, ursula, justin lin, daniel pham, ha]for:most likely person amy would fall for if she was a lesbian : nick, pranay, niravfor,most likely people amy would fall for if she was bi:for,most likely to be strande d on a desert island and find a genie in a bottle and only ask for ice cream: ha, benita, nita for,most likely to be stranded on a desert island find a genie in a bottle and only ask for porn : pranay, nick, nirav, shalin, span, stepheni think they like porn a little to muchfor,most likely to end up talking to themselves endlessly without their AIM : nick, pranay, stephen, parth, ursulayall have no life...j/p for , most likely to pick their nose in public : daniel pham, nick, pranay, justin liniono why i picked them...maybe cuz theyre so unpredictable lol, i bet daniel and justin would actually do it tho for,most likely to get plastic surgery : neil, nick, hathese ppl need it the most for,best smile : ha, ha, ha, nirav, nita, ha, ha, ha*cough*ha*cough for,most likely to die last:nirav, parth, pranayiono..these are the calmest ppl i know..so they probably don have high blood pressure...and they wont die of a heart attack, or stroke...iono... for,most likely to say something mean to amy : shalin, ha, nick, nirav, nitathese ppl make fun of me the most :( for, best hair: ha, , tram, amandathey have pretty hair for,nicest person : barira, tram, suchi,these are the ppl who make fun of me the least for,best body : nirav, pranay, barira, tramnotice a pattern? its all the skinny ppl :p for,amys best bunny : benita, or the nameless bunny who mite be named frapachino [ aka: frappy]these are the only two bunnies i know for,best blog/ xanga/ w.e.:ha, nirav, pranayfor,most likely to get humped : pranay, nick, shalin, spanthese four wil most likely be humped by neil for,most likely to get jumped : nick, stephen, and pranay, shalincuz they "try to" act ghetto for,most likely to end up a hooker : nirav, pranay, nick, daniel phamiono why, but these ppl just popped into my headaahhh....too tired to continue, ill finish later today I PROMISE!
Presenting....*drum roll* theAMY AWARDS what are the " AMY AWARDS " , you ask? well, thats a good question. ive created theAmy Awardsin order to give my friends credit for stuff they do or dont do, say or dont say, the way they act..blah blah..mostly just for fun : ) . In order to be a Nominee, you must be my friend. so, if you would like to receive anAMY AWARD , Be mY FrIgGeN fRiEnD!!!so far, these are the catagories - nominees will be posted later today, or tomorrow to nominate someone, e-mail meurlLink amyluffsya@yahoo.comor leave a comment *least sane *most likely to die first *best friend *funniest *coolest *stupidest *smartest *hottest *most stylish *best boobs *best listener *most likely to give good advice *weirdest *most likely to use a magazine/newspaper when out of toilet paper *most likely to have a stick stuck up their ass... *most likely to get knocked up before getting married *most likely to achieve world peace *best real boobs *if amy were a lesbian....most likely person she'd fall for..... *if amy were bi..the two most likely ppl shed fall for *most likely to be stranded on a desert island and find a genie in a bottle and only ask for an ice cream *most likely to end up talking to themselves endlessly without their AIM *most likely to pick their nose in public *most likely to get plastic surgery *best smile *most likely to die last *most likely to say something mean to amy *best hair *nicest person *best body *amy's best bunny *best blog *most likely to wire themselves permanently to their computer * most likely to get humped *most likely to get jumped *most likely to be a big corrupt executive *most likely to end up a hooker *least likely to get a real job *most likely to look like a hobo when they grow up *most likely to accept a pink and lacy gstring from amy * most likely to wear a pink and lacy g string from amy * most likely to drool while picturing pranay in a pink and lacy g string *most likely to become gay *best ass * most likely to get boob implants *sexiest *most indian *most likely to lose their virginity first *most likely to lose their virginity last *most likely to keep their virginity * most likely to become a hill billy *most likely to be sad because they cant have a smurf as a pet *most bootylicious *most luffable * most likely to be like Mr. Trinh when they grow up *most likely to succed *most likely to be stranded on a desert island find a genie in a bottle and only wish for porn
ok, nirav says to post... school is in four days thats about it oh yea, im going to erase all my previous entries... as soon as i figure out how to 
(sorry, this one's going to be serious, instead of funny)I know.At least, now I do.One of the things I’ve seen over the past couple years is the odd infatuation that some freshmen have with juniors, seniors, and even sophmores.It’s like, if the upperclassman pays attention to them, they’re hooked.And that’s what I couldn’t figure out.Even if the senior was a complete idiot, and the freshman was a total ditz, at least around him, they still got together.Why?I couldn’t figure it out.But now I know.I know, because it happened to me.It has to do, as most things do, with power.It’s addicting.It’s invigorating.And it comes in many ways, one of the purest being power over another person.That’s what it is.What happened between “Joe” and “May”, the senior and the freshman in that order,was last year, and I was essentially a spectator, because May is one of my better friends (you know who you are, May).She was thrilled, captivated even, about the fact that anyone would like her.Especially a senior like Joe.And you know what they say, love is blind.At least this kind of love.So the slightest bit of attention Joe paid to May, she loved it.And the thing is, she loved it so much she became his slave, almost.He could’ve asked her to do anything and she’d just be enthralled by his voice.In her eyes, his faults had disappeared and his merits were inflated.The way high school works, to freshmen, people of a higher grade level are elevated to almost a god-like status.Joe was invincible and perfect in May’s eyes.Actually, that much I got last year.What I didn’t understand is why Joe liked May at all.But again, now I know.He got a near-complete power over her.It’s like she was hypnotized; she’d do anything for him.And let me tell you, that power is more addictive than drugs, than alcohol, than anything.It’s because with the other ones, it’s your body.Physically, you can’t do without it.But with this?It’s mental.You can live without it.But the biggest thing is, you don’t even notice it.It just kind of seeps into you and makes you feel good.It’s the reason that certain seniors that I know are basically playing the freshmen girls.Okay, take one of them, for example.After school?He’s surrounded by a cadre of girls, following him everywhere and hanging on to his every word.It’s really kind of disgusting.But then again, if it’s you, you don’t notice it.Unless…you’re looking out for it.This is how you know.It’s probably someone younger than you, and they look like they just can’t get enough of you.That’s how I knew, when a couple months ago, I was waiting for my ride, and a bunch of freshmen girls that I knew were waiting there too.They can’t talk to you without giggling and acting like complete morons, really.What happened that finally got me was probably because I wasn’t ready for it.Didn’t really see what I was doing until it was kind of late.And then I really couldn’t do anything about it; it’s complicated, but for privacy’s sake, no details.And you know what happens if you get caught?It’s going to hurt yourself, whoever’s addicted to you, and in my case, someone else too.That last one’s the worst part.When you’re good enough friends that you’d do anything for her because she’s the nicest person you know, and then you hurt her like that…it makes you feel like crap.As you can probably tell, that happened to me too.You know who you are…I am so, so sorry.Truth be told, I’d rather have sat with you anyways.But back to May and Joe.They broke up at the end of last year, when Joe graduated and went to college.And then something interesting happened: when we started school again in August, May had really matured.She got burned, and she knows why, too.I’ve got to commend her for that, even though I thought she was an incurable ditz a year ago.I need to talk about something else, too.It’s high school dating in general.My friend Joy recently posted her (and others’) views on dating in high school; I pretty much agree.It really doesn’t work.You think you’re in love, everyone else’s doing it, and the biggest and stupidest reason of all, it’s a status symbol.Somehow, it’s “cool” to be dating; it automatically kicks you up a notch on that screwed up heirarchy that some people at school live by.Don’t get me wrong, if it’s “true love” or something, go for it.But…how do you know?Do youlovethe person, or just like them?I’d say that 99% of the time it’s the latter.I’m sure many of you are thinking: But ( insert name here ) and ( also here ) are dating and they’re getting along fine!No, seriously.Getting along fine?Those words, used in conjunction with dating, just don’t work.At least in high school, everyone wants different things.Girls want romance and kisses, guys (usually) just want the girl.As Joy said, it’s really kind of sad when people celebrate their onemonthanniversary.The worst is when you start dating a close friend.Why ruin a perfectly good friendship by going out?Really, though, most relationships don’t work out, and even if they do, almost none make it though their first year in college, if not the first few months.Things change when you go to college; people change.What’s not going to change is the close friendships that you have, but your girlfriend or boyfriend?It’s going to be different, and chances are you’re not going to like it.You’re going to feel tied down in college if you’re dating someone hundreds of miles away.However, when you’ve got a close, close friend that you can tellanythingto anywhere in the world, you feel secure, like you’ve got support with you.Some people want “love” in high school.Me?Iknownow.I’d rather have friendship.
My mom is a high school math teacher.Now, quite aside from all the hilarity that that implies, there is a very serious issue that we should address.That is, the growing, and shrinking, of clothes. So anyways, we were talking the other day about the steadily increasing amount of fabric that is the minimum for any guy to be “cool”.These days, many guys at my school and at my mom’s school wear anywhere from two to eighteen pairs of pants.And then on top of that they’ve got about three layers, topped by the inevitable jersey.Oddly enough, their underwear manages to make itself seen through all this; God only knows how that works. When my mom has to separate people for talking or something, many times she has to stifle her laughter as these guys with four or five pairs of pants have to untangle themselves from their desks and kind of waddle across the room, taking huge, deliberate steps to avoid tripping themselves with their own pants. This is a disturbing trend toward greater amounts of fabric for several reasons.Firstly, where is this extra cloth coming from?The answer, of course, is from the girls’ clothes.The newly discoveredLaw of Inversely Proportional Gender-Separated Clothingstates that: If some guy has a lot of clothes on, then somehow, somewhere, there is a girl with an equal andoppositeamount of clothes on.The same thing works the other way around too. The LoIPGSC, as it is popularly known among the intelligentsia, can be proved by taking a look at around twenty to thirty years ago, when it was “cool” for guys to wear near skin-tight clothing.What did girls wear then?Frilly stuff! More fabric! Therein we have the increasing trend of girls toward skimpier and tighter clothing.This raises the interesting question of: is the “in” thing to be skinnier because clothes are tighter, or are clothes tighter because it’s “in” to be skinnier.However this works, it is a vicious cycle, which can only culminate in girls not being able to be seen altogether. Of course, thiswillsolve the world’s food crisis, because these new, ultra-thin girls would only consume about .5 mL of pureed, non-fat, low-carb, low-calorie cardboard.The other reason that the implementation of the LoIPGSC is disturbing is, of course, new ways of cutting class.Because of guys wearing more and more clothing, eventually they will just look like huge piles of fabric (designer fabric, naturally).The time will come when someone can just sneak into class, deposit an immense pile of clothes on his desk, and sneak back out.No one will be the wiser! Girls, of course, won’t be able to be seen anyways, so they can just plant a voice-activated tape recorder underneath their chair, to say “Here!” when the teacher calls roll.Now, with no one in their classes at all, teachers won’t report to school, so there will just be huge empty schools with only the principal sitting at her desk, creating policy and making sure that her school looks good.It is this last one that makes it possible for no one to notice the lack of students at school, because the principal will make sure that her school stays at state-mandated levels, even if she has to take all 2500 or so standardized tests herself.
the power of the written word...
 urlLink go hereWell, there you have it.As many of you have hoped for months, I've finally lost my mouth.note: sorry, the link only works sometimes.just keep trying it; i'll put it up on angelfire whenver i get around to setting up my account. later. 
A recent CNN.com report talked about a study entitled “Eat Less, Live Longer.”These seem to pop up everywhere, you know?“Exercise More, Live Longer”, or “Eat More Calories, Become More Caloric”, or perhaps “Eat More, Become Bigger”.In any case, the study was on a group of mice that apparently hung around with an even age distribution until researchers picked them up for tests.The interesting part was that, quote: “Even older mice on restricted diets fare better in research.”According to Dr. Spindler, a 19-month-old mouse is equivalent to a 60 or 65-year-old human.This is roughly one mouse week per human year, and raises some important questions like:1. Do mice have 40-week birthday parties with gag cards that say things like “It’s your birthday, so I wish you luck” on the outside, and then on the inside say “You’re 40 (weeks).You’re going to need it”?2. Do old mice reminisce about when they were little, and they had to steal cheese by hand, and didn’t get any of “them fancy trap-snappin’ contraptions” that young mice are so completely corrupted by nowadays?I think these are questions that need to be thought about by American citizens, simply because they kill so many less brain cells than some current music which seems to consist of one note played repeatedly on a torched cat strung on a guitar.At the end, the article, of course, claims that aging may eventually be slowed down by taking a pill.I think all articles about medical advances say that nowadays.Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got to go help my mice put on their dentures. 
It is a law in Singapore that: "If you are convicted of littering three times, you will have to clean the streets on Sundays with a bib on saying, 'I am a litterer.' This will then be broadcasted on the local news."The city of Gueleph, Ontario "is classified as a no-pee zone."In Toronto, Ontario, "you can't drag a dead horse down Yonge Street on a Sunday.""Residents are not allowed to have an Internet connection faster than 56k" in Uxbridge, Ontario.In England "it is illegal to be drunk on Licensed Premises (in a pub or bar)", "any person found breaking a boiled egg at the sharp end will be sentenced to 24 hours in the village stocks", and of course "it is legal for a male to urinate in public, as long it is on the rear wheel of his motor vehicle and his right hand is on the vehicle."Being more specific, in the city of Chester, "you can only shoot a Welsh person with a bow and arrow inside the city walls and after midnight", and in York, "excluding Sundays, it is perfectly legal to shoot a Scotsman with a bow and arrow." Sounds kinda violent.In Liverpool, "it is illegal for a woman to be topless in public except as a clerk in a tropical fish store."Denmark: "One may not be charged for food at an inn unless that person, by his or her own opinion, is 'full'."In South Dakota, "no horses are allowed into Fountain Inn unless they are wearing pants" and "it is illegal to lie down and fall asleep in a cheese factory."Vermont law once said that "it is illegal to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole."In the same token, in Florida "if an elephant is left tied to a parking meter, the parking fee has to be paid just as it would for a vehicle."Also in Florida, the state constitution protects the rights of "freedom of speech, a trial by jury, and pregnant pigs to not be confined in cages" and "a women can be fined (only after death), for being electrocuted in a bath-tub because of using self-beautification utensils."Louisiana: "It is illegal to rob a bank and then shoot at the bank teller with a water pistol."Okay, that's all for today.Go to www.dumblaws.com for more...well...dumb laws.
In the University of Texas, San Antonio I found a stone table outdoors with this message scrawled on it:- “The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.”Now, I was considering writing a serious column regarding the truth and falseness of this statement, and I would have too, had it not been followed by another statement, in different ink:- “What if you love yourself?”Then there was:- “Narcissist?”And:- “Good f***ing point.”Needless to say, the idea of writing any sort of serious work concerning this flew out the window.And it really is a good point. 
 10 ways to know if you’re a nerd: 1. Your room contains more CDs than pieces of paper.2. You’ve thought about installing cooling fans in your skull.3. You refer to your computer as ‘she’.4. You know the difference between ‘internet’ and ‘intranet’.5. Your graphing calculator has more programs on it than your teacher’s computer.6. You find yourself trying to hit control+Z in real life situations.7. Your graphics card has a name.8. You passionately support either ATI or nVidia.9. You know what ATI and nVidia are and do.10. People frequently call you ‘nerd’. *wink*(note: I can poke fun at nerds because I know I am one.For me it was #10.)
I’m feeling a need to write, so I thought I’d open up Word and just let my thoughts flow.Ha ha ha.No, seriously, people are pressuring me to write something and post it.Therefore, because I’m a spineless wimp, I’m going to try and be funny on command.At present moment I’m on instant messenger, and I just asked someone for a topic to write about.Instead, now we’re talking about the chemistry test I took today.Fat lot of help they are.So perhaps I can talk about the fact that some people update their online journal with every single little thing that they do.Here’s a sample:- I’m not doing much.Just sitting here. [posted @ 8:30:33]- I’m still here.Now I’m scratching my head. [posted @ 8:34:19]- Hey, I just inhaled really deeply.Let’s see if I can do it again! [posted @ 8:35:28]- Wow!I did it again! [posted @ 8:35:39]…and so on.The only limit to how much detail they include is how fast they can click the buttons to update their journal.Someone was telling me that “it’s the little things that count”, but really, do we have to knowallthe little things?I’m just glad that these people don’t have laptops, or we might getwaytoo much detail about their lives.As long as I’m being spineless and giving in to demands, I might as well write something about missy_ly, who requested that I write something about her, though she didn’t know what.So, here goes.For some odd reason, her cell phone number was on my phone before we swapped numbers.There.Happy?If someone asked me for all my money and clothes right now, they’d probably get them.I still don’t have a decent topic.Now my friend and I are talking about solar flares of the sixteenth century.Not even remotely humorous.Anyways, since my Coke’s almost done now, and I’m getting bored, I’ll leave you all with a question:What’s a good question to end this column with? 
http://www.cnn.com/2004/TECH/ptech/03/03/sonic.weapon.ap/index.htmlThis is an article on the CNN.com about new technology for our troops.That’s right; the Army’s getting new weapons.And they are…you guessed it, high school assistant principals!No, seriously, they are apparently noisemakers.Now when you first hear this, you think of those little plastic thingies that they give out for party favors that entertain you and your parents for several days (and by entertain, I mean annoy to the point of a preference for court hearings over toothpaste tube size regulations over being in the same room as that dratted noisemaker) until the battery runs out.Of course, our Army isn’t getting that.It would be far too effective.Instead, they get a little device called a Long Range Acoustic Device, or LRAD for short.Well, maybe not little.It weighs 45 pounds, which could lead to odd scenarios if the soldiers are outfitted with just an LRAD:SOLDIER: Don’t move or I’ll shoot! INSURGENT: With what? SOLDIER (TRYING TO HEFT LRAD): With this!Just…give me a second here…But I’m sure no one would bethatstupid, except perhaps Michael Jackson, whose music can melt brain tissue anyways.Which brings me to my next point:why invest money in a device that, I quote, “blasts earsplitting noise in a directed beam”, when we’ve already got them?In fact, every teenager has them, along with ample ammunition.CD players, loaded with modern music, can disable anyone over thirty in just a few minutes.If they were equipped with a Michael Jackson CD, of course, they could drop anyone unconscious in a matter of seconds.Thank God that Michael Jackson music is, by federal law, illegal to broadcast without proper ear protection.A SIDE NOTE: Another system that the government is testing is the Active Denial system, which seems as if it should work like this:A terrorist is trying to enter a maximum security U.S. Army building, perhaps a kitchen. ACTIVE DENIAL SYSTEM: Access Denied.Please use other door. TERRORIST: (no response) ACTIVE DENIAL SYSTEM: I said, Access Denied, you moron.Please leave or I will be forced to pipe Michael Jackson music directly into your brain. TERRORIST: NOOOOOO!!!!!!! (runs)Instead, the Active Denial System is, I quote, “a painful energy beam”.I suppose it’ll zap anyone who attacks it.You’ve got to wonder, though, the usefulness of this in other walks of life.Picture a courtroom…JUDGE: Any objections? ATTOURNY: Your Honor, my client was brutally hurt because his nail scratched his palm on account of a smaller toothpaste tube size.This is obviously an example of faulty manufacturing on the part of the huge toothpaste tube conglomorates, which want nothing more than to corrupt our youth and rule the-ZAP*thud* JUDGE (HOLDING SMOKING ACTIVE DENIAL SYSTEM) : Anyotherobjections, you chatterboxes? COURTROOM: (silence)I just hope the government keeps a close watch on its new toys.What’s to say some rebel faction doesn’t get hold of these devices and use them to quash anyone who’s discovered their plans and are writing about them in, say, an online column.What if…hey, what’s that noise?Oh no!They’re on to me!Tell the people!They have a right to know the tr-ZAP*thud* 
 10 ways to know if you play too many computer RPGs: 1. When you buy clothes, you check the tag for the armor bonus.2. When you pass a test, you think you’ve gained a level and feel a need to distribute those hard-earned stat points.3. You talk to random people just to see how much interactivity your life was programmed with.4. You always overburden yourself with stuff because you thought that your inventory was bigger than it actually is.5. You get annoyed when people don't "join your party" just because you asked them to.6. Instead of asking your teacher if you can retake a test, you ask them if you can retry the quest.7. Every time you do anything for anyone, you expect money as a quest reward.8. You sign your name as “[deathclan]sLAy3R_299”.9. You use the word “emoted” frequently in place of “did”.10. Instead of saying to people that you’re tired, you claim that you don’t have enough mana.
 NOTE: This was written sometime in January, after a particularly harrowing experience with someone’s science fair project.I added a note at the end about the aftermath.It was around 11:00 p.m., and I'd finally finished all my homework.I climbed in bed, looking forward to a restful night, (followed by more hell the next day, of course, but that's a different story).But it's a weird thing with me.The longer I just lie in bed, thinking, the more things I think of that I'm convinced can't wait until the morning.I have to completely wake myself up, turn on the lights and get my planner.Next is the usual frantic search for a pencil; I usually end up writing with a stunted piece of lead that's so short I can't even hold it.Finally, having written whatever it was down, I get back in bed.Then I think of something else.In this case, the mandatory 2 liter Coke bottle for the Math & Science tournament that Saturday.I resisted, I really did.I tried to tell myself that it could wait until the morning.Of course, it didn't work.Then the real trouble started.When I got out my planner again, I was looking at the dates and I knew that I had forgotten something.Something about Friday…Grace’s Science Fair project!NOTE: Grace is not her real name, but I really don’t want Benita to hit me with her obscenely thick Stephen King book, so I’m changing her name for this column.Muttering a steady stream of curses all the way, I stumbled down the dark hallway to the other room, where the CD player was.Actually, it's a boom box, and actually, it's quite heavy.I must have dented the walls three or four times on the return trip.I fished out her science fair project packet from my backpack, ripped out the staples of the sealed packet, and dumped the contents out on the floor.The project involved having people (mostly those that Grace didn’t like) listen to vocabulary words every night for a few days in a row, and then when they woke up, take a test to find out how much they’ve learned.Keep in mind that it was around 12:30 a.m. by this time.I put the CD for the words into my CD player: "This is a test to see if you can memorize vocabulary words in sleep…" and so on.Then it started with music.Loud music.Of course, in the middle of the night, everything is loud.But there was nothing else to do.I turned the volume down to the level where it was just barely audible, covered the green, glowing screen of the CD player with Grace’s tests, and went to sleep.Or rather, I tried.When there's nothing going on but music, and you're trying to go to sleep: it's extremely hard.One thing was obvious.The music was still too loud.After about ten minutes it sounded like it was right in my ears, even though the CD player was across the room.I turned the volume down again, to the point that an extremely sensitive dog would have a hard time hearing it, and went back to bed.The next thirty minutes (or so it seemed) had me wondering when the actual words were going to start.Maybe Grace had mixed up the CDs.To make things worse, the music was not sleepy music.It was some sort ofallegro , or something; it wasfast .Scales going up and down tens of thousands of times, huge finales, dynamic contrast, it was all there.By now I was entertaining glorious visions of taking my bedside lamp and sending it flying in a perfect arc across the room to smash the CD player to bits.I'm not sure how, but I finally managed to get to sleep.Or maybe it was more along the lines of losing consciousness.Around 4 or 5, I think, I woke up again.It was still playing music.It had probably just gone around the CD a couple of times, but if listening to music had me lying awake, then listening to a person reading vocabulary words would be torture.I lurched out of bed, trailing sheets that were tangled around me, and lunged for the power button.The green screen faded, the red power light extinguished itself.I went back to sleep.I had to catch up for all the rest I had missed.Of course, by then I only had about an hour before I had to wake up.I'm not quite sure what I'm going to do about this.I came up with many solutions to my problem while listening to the melodies of Mozart at 1 in the morning, starting with claiming that I had lost the CDs going through simply pretending I had listened to the CDs and just taking the tests anyways, all the way to setting one of those plug timers on my CD player and having it turn on in a couple of hours when I would probably be asleep.(By the way, the last didn't work because the CD player doesn't turn on automatically when it is plugged in or receives power.)Wish me luck and sound sleep.I’m going to need it.ADDED: I eventually decided to not listen to the CDs, but instead to fake the entire test.On a few of the answers, just to make it seem authentic, I purposefully messed up.Just don’t tell Grace.It’ll be hard to explain the blood and brain particles on her book when she has to return it to the library.
What's happened to the world these days?Take, for example, Cracker Jacks.They used to be in cardboard boxes with actual prizes, like rings and crap.They were so cool!When I was in elementary school, that's all I ever played with.And then sometimes you'd stumble across one of those 'special' boxes.You know, the ones filled with the white powder and money?Those were great, too!For some reason, my mind links those special boxes with the best times of my life.Like that time we set the neighbor's cat on fire.Or that car that we stole and drove into our house.Those were the days...But now they have stupid little foil packages like chips or something.I'll bet they aren't even covered with caramel anymore!It's probably just brown paint and sugar.And now they only have dinky paper things for "prizes".What kind of prize is that?They just have mind puzzles and crap!What's up with that?So there you have it.Irrefutable* proof that our world is going to the dogs.*Vocabulary word 
Probably no one remembers my "Know Yourself" aphorism for life.It just means that you should know the real reasons that you do things.Anyways, so I accidentally poked Ha the other day, and she got all freaked out, because I went through her little 'bubble' thing.And that set me wondering...do we have mental bubbles as well?I think we do.They are mental shells, one inside the other, that go down and down until you reach your inner center.Mine (that I've been able to identify), are:Everyone - This is for people whom I don't know. Friends - Anyone whom I've talked to and know their name, essentially. Close Friends - People that I've known for a relatively long amount of time, and who I can generally trust. REALLY Close Friends - Only two or so people in this catagory.I would trust them with anything. Family - my family Myself - this is where my consciousness actually is Inner Center - This is my subconscious, I guess, or whatever you want to call it.It is this part that I refer to when I say "know yourself".I think that here, at your inner center, are all your true feelings and emotions.It is very difficult to talk to yourself, simply because we lie to ourselves much of the time.More on this later.Peace.
 10 possible sequel titles for Finding Nemo: 1. Finding Nemo Jr.2. Grand Theft Nemo II3. Finding Nemo 2: The Revenge of Dr. P. Sherman4. Finding Squirt5. Finding More Ways To Show Off Our Really Good Graphics Engine And Water Effects6. Finding Nemo Volume 27. Losing Nemo8. Finding Nemo 2: Bruce Is Hungry9. Sleeping With The Fishes10. Found Nemo
[ urlLink Joy's Blog Awards are here ]And thereby shall the Blogster Awards commence! The Blogster Awards are over.Thank you all for coming, and have a great evening! The nominees for Funniest Blog are...urlLinkKnurd Unit Group blog made by Joy, Nirav, Pranay, Maerilly, and Sarah.Its theme is a stange mix of nerdiness and ghettoness.Enhanced by a picture of a rare herd of rapper-nerds.urlLinkPK1013 Pranay's Sonic-themed Xanga site.Although slightly messy, it is updated fairly regularly with hilarious happenings in Pranay's life.Also visited periodically by the Demotivators.urlLinkMegatorpoki's Fwoosh! Azam's oddly Pokemonized journal.Can usually be counted on for something insightful and revealing.NOT!Actually, it's usually got something completely irrelevant and humorous.That's why it's in the Funniest Blog catagory, you idiot. And the Blogster for Funniest Blog goes to...urlLinkPK1013 You have to acknowledge the total funny randomness in his xanga.Congratulations on winning the first Blogster ever.The nominees for Most Serious Blog are...urlLinkIt's All Relative Joy's blog.Sometimes has lighthearted posts, but more often than not discusses deep topics like dating and friendship.Often makes you appreciate something you used to take for granted, or think about something that never struck you before.urlLinkLife...a Sitcom Ha's newly-skinned blog.Again, is sometimes lighthearted, but many posts are evidence of her truly insightful mind.urlLinkInside MY Head By Barira Munshi.Discusses topics that are very close to her heart, but can still be understood and related to by everyone, at least in one aspect. And the Blogster for Most Serious Blog goes to...urlLinkLife...a Sitcom Because it just is.The most serious blog, that is.The nominees for Best Layout are...urlLinkKnurd Unit By Pranay, Nirav, Joy, Maerilly, and Sarah.Used to have a pretty gay template (literally; there was a picture of two naked men hugging), but now it's all cool-looking.Extra points for the Photoshopped nerd heads on rapper bodies.urlLinkPurity is a Myth Lucky's blog, nominated by Maerilly.Everything seems to fit perfectly into place, although the whole place seems a bit like a hospital for lack of color.Nice scrolling list for blog links.urlLinkEvery instance spent with you is never null moment. Regan's blog.I'm not sure if that's the title, but it's very punny.This blog gets nominated just for the great sketch at the top of the page. And the Blogster for Best Layout goes to...urlLinkPurity is a Myth Despite Sarah's threat to dismember me if I didn't let her win this one, the Blogster has to go to Lucky.The nominees for Best HTML Use are...urlLinkPK1013 Pranay's xanga seems to always have random experiments with html hanging around.It's like a fortune cookie of coding; you never know what html weirdness you'll find.urlLinkNo Pretense An odd title for Maerilly's xanga, but nevertheless contains excellent html work.Every time you visit there is usually something new floating around, singing, scrolling, or popping up.urlLinkKnurd Unit Yet again, the blog by Pranay, Joy, Maerilly, Sarah, and Nirav gets a Blogster nomination.Every aspect of this blog is infused with strange and wonderful html-ing. And the Blogster for Best HTML Use goes to...urlLinkNo Pretense So...many...special...effects...Now we're going to have some special awards, for which there are just going to be winners and no nominees:And the Blogster for... ...Smiley-est Blog goes to... urlLink Megatorpoki's Fwoosh! : An average of 23,500 smilies per post....Least Updated goes to... urlLink *sUpEr SaRaH* : Expect around one post a decade....Most Often Reskinned goes to... urlLink Life...a Sitcom : Approximately 240 times within the past week....Most Updated goes to... urlLink Megatorpoki's Fwoosh! : Updated somewhere around twice a minute.
Joy's been making poems about everyone, so here's a taste of her own medicine...Oy Itz Joy Joy Chou is a stinky poet, Her poems and rhymes completely blew it; She hits people on their arms and shoulders, "STOP YOU FREAK!" we all have told her; If you talk to Joyful Chouwder, You'll get used to speaking louder; SillyDucky is her screen name, Everybody thinks it sounds lame; I think Joy got her brain a bit late, But my lovely wife is actually great. 
*Sigh* just reminiscing about TMSCA State some more.I remember one time when Mr. Trinh, Tram, Daniel, Mr. Cantu, Andy, and I were playing VC in one of the rooms.We were taking turns trading in and out; the two losers went out.At one point when I was out, Pranay, Neil, and Shalin came in.Because there were now a lot of us not playing, I suggested starting another game.Mr. Trinh said, and I quote, "Naah, this is where the PROS play, Nirav.What's the matter?Can't hang with us?" So I didn't say anything, and the next game I was in.The others had gone ahead and started the other game in the room next door. That next game I came in first, and Trinh was last.He got up, and mumbled something about checking in on the other room. I said loudly, in triumph, "What's the matter, Mr. Trinh?I thought this is where the pros play!Huh?HUH?" He just left. It was sweet, very, very sweet.
The other day, when I came back from my viola lesson, I went out to the lake near my house to relax, and to talk to someone on my cell phone. I was walking toward the bench next to the lake, when a feathery missile hurtled past me.It was a duck.The freaking duck had attacked me, missing by mere centimeters. Later, while I was talking on my phone, another duck (or possibly the same one) began to approach me from the lake.It was just waddling toward me, quacking every few steps. All in all, it was seemed remarkably like a teacher of mine (whom I will not name here). It got to within about a foot of me, at which point I fled to the relative safety of the other side of the bench, fearing that it would produce a machine gun, or perhaps a spool of piano wire from beneath its wings. There's something about these ducks at our lake that's really creepy.A year or two ago, I was going for a walk around the lake at around nine or so.It was dark, and all I had was a penlight on my keychain.The ducks were all on the lake, sleeping. Or so I thought. As soon as I passed the large, dark, mass of fowl, they awoke, and began to silently follow me. They were led by the Grey Duck, a huge monstrosity of a bird who looked as though she was perpetually mad at everyone and everything. Even in daylight, she was scary, charging at anyone who approached her domain (which was really the entire lake). But here, at night, it was downright terrifying.They moved in concert down the lake, keeping pace with me precisely. Eventually they lost interest, or at least appeared to, but I had a feeling the the Grey Duck had sent a few duck commandos after me, darting from tree to tree behind me. On my way back, I was walking home on the other side of the lake, and it is a truly chilling sight to see about thirty or forty ducks detach themselves from the opposite side of the lake, and move, army-like, inexorably toward you. I stopped to watch, rather like a deer stops to admire the headlights of the 18-wheeler barreling toward it.Taking out my penlight, I played it over the dark, feathered, mass drifting slowly toward me. It seemed to my slightly nervous mind that they were glaring at me. The newspaper headlines ran through my mind:Boy Disappeared Near Lake, Bloody Feather FoundInvestigators Finally Get Lead On Duck Mafia As the ducks hit the water's edge, they began to scramble out of the water.A small group accumulated on the edge, then they all began to move towards me. That's when I started to walk faster, into the dark night.So anyways, long story short, I just barely escaped.I am definately never going for a walk at night again.They missed me once.They won't miss again...
Congratulations to those people who did good at UIL District! And to those of you who didn't do so well...you already know you suck. No, seriously, good job to everyone who went.Special congrats to Pranay, Anu, Stacy, Rupak, Spandana because they actually won stuff.Good luck to everyone going to regionals!Oh yeah, I guess I'd better say something about Ha, because she's going to regionals for L-D after her first year of debate.All I have to say is, it's all my doing, because I wrote both her cases, plus prepping her for the tournament. Okay fine, I just wrote her cases. Okay, just the aff one. All right, I just helped her with it. Fine, I just made fun of her via my cell phone while she wrote her case with no help whatsoever.I probably made it worse rather than better. Happy?Anyways...good job and good luck to UIL people.
So here are Pranay and me, playing cards.We're at the house of a neighborhood mutual family friend; our parents are chatting with them, so Pranay and I are bored. My back is to the glass door to the backyard, and we're playing ERS.I'm losing, and then suddenly Pranay, who's been looking out over my shoulder into the yard, starts laughing and telling me to turn around. "Yeah, right!" I'm not falling for that one. "No really! Look!" I follow the line of his finger and there, in the house behind, on the balcony, is this guy in a muscle shirt and jeans, and he's completely bending over a big flowerpot or something, presenting us with a beautiful view of his backside. OH MY GOD!!!!!!! It was hilarious.Then he went inside the glass balconey door, and we couldn't see him for a while.Between laughing so hard our stomachs hurt, Pranay and I started playing again, but we both kept on looking back, and then our hopes came true.He came out again, and bent slowly over another flowerpot. It was like he was TRYING to give us a show or something. Then he goes back inside, carrying the flowerpot. After we recovered from this one, I tossed a small salute in the general direction of the backyard. Then, as if to oblige me, he appeared right behind the glass door, and, from a sideways angle this time, bent over again! It was hilariously traumatic, to say the least. ...whew...my sides hurt from laughing.
So, I'm making animated buddy icons for people.I think they're pretty cool. Anyways, I need money, so now it's $2 per icon.You can IM Joy or Ha if you want to see what I've made. 
On Wednesday, the drama people performed their UIL One-Act Play for the school during second period.Although I wanted to go, I couldn't, because second period is orchestra, and Mr. Soto had hired a clinician to come in and give us the help we so desperately needed. The lady who came in was Korean.Her name, as far as we could make out, was Ms. Pizz.How much more musical can you get? My first impression was that of a mime.She had so much makeup on that it looked rather like a mask over her face. But Ms. Pizz was anything BUT a mime.She talked constantly, and she had this way of making weird jokes, then laughing, or rather, cackling, at them, then suddenly getting serious again.Here's something she actually said: "This is beginning!It is most important!I tell my students, I say, get beginning and end correct, don't care about middle.HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, but anyways..." And then she'd continue on with what she was saying.It was like she was schizophrenic or something. And another thing: she told Mr. Soto, and us, that she didn't want to conduct us; that was Mr. Soto's job.But whenever she'd tell him to start, after two or three measures, she'd either: A. Shriek so loud that our strings spontaneously detuned, and make us stop and do something over. B. Step directly in FRONT of Mr. Soto and take over. C. Dance around behind Mr. Soto, conducting us herself. The last one was the worst.She'd bob slightly up and down on her knees, and conduct in little jerky motions.But the worst part was, she'd be going at a completely different tempo than Mr. Soto.Then after a few measures: "AHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!STOP STOP STOP!!!!!!!!You all go at different tempo.This half goes at this tempo, and other half goes at other tempo.You must watch Mistah Soh-Toh!" I wanted to scream, "IT'S BECAUSE HALF OF US ARE FOLLOWING YOU, LADY!!!!" But I didn't, of course. Don't take this the wrong way; I'm not criticizing her.We did get a lot done.And she's definately not as strange as the man who does the string orchestra sectionals at Houston Youth Symphony and makes bird-like spasmatic motions with his head when he plays. Yet... Anyways, she did get really into her job.She started chugging down water by the gallon, it seemed, and wiping off sweat every few seconds from her forehead.Her makeup mask began to dissolve and run down her face, making her even weirder-looking than before. Now I know why some people are afraid of clowns.
Remember the fallen... 
I think I'll write a play...----------So...What Now?-----By Nirav Sanghani-----Cast: Ralph Sally----- [Ralph and Sally are sitting at a table in a coffee-shop]Ralph: So that's it then.We're done.It's over.Sally: Yeah, I guess so.R: [sighs]S: [sighs]R: Pity, too.We would have been so-S: -great together, I know.But it was-R: -my decision, yeah.Actually, I thought it was up to both of us.S: Hey, I told you my end.It's only up to you now.R: Sure thing.S: Did I detect sarcasm in that statement?R: Perhaps...S: [sighs]R: What?S: Nothing.R: You always say that.S: Say what?R: "Nothing."S: No, tell me!R: I just did!You always say "nothing."S: Oh.R: Right.S: So...what now?R: Hey, I've got an idea!S: That's a first.R: I suppose I deserved that.S: Yes you did.R: We should just get married and skip all the dating crap.S: Now, how does that work?R: Never mind.S: Okay.If you say so.[begins to hum tunelessly]R: Hey, kid...what's that tune you always hum?S: I wasn't aware I was humming the same tune. [begins to hum again, listens to herself] Wow!You're right.R: So what is it then?S: I don't know.R: Oh.S: Yeah.R: So...what now?S: I honestly have no idea.R: As usual.S: Wait...was that an insult?R: Probably.S: Oh, okay.Just checking.R: Right.S: I think you're over-analyzing this.R: Am I?S: Yes, yes you are.R: Am I really?S: Um...yes?R: Oh, okay.Just checking.S: Okay.So anyways, you need to look at the big picture.R: What big picture?S: You know, step back and look at everything as a whole.I mean, inspecting the nooks and crannies is good, but sometimes you just have to look at the whole thing, plain and simple.R: But what if it's not simple?S: It is, trust me.R: You know, things aren't as clear for me as they are for you.S: Just think about it for a while.R: But I don't want to think!Wait...that sounded just like you!S: And right now, I'm the one giving the advice...R: ...meaning you stole my mind!S: And enjoying it very much, thank you.R: Just don't get it dirty or anything...S: I'll take good care of it, don't worry.R: ...though of course, I suppose the inside of your skull is exceptionally clean, not having had to hold anything before.S: I'm sorry, what was that?R: Nothing...S: Was that another insult?R: [smiles]S: Grr.R: [sighs]S: This is getting pointless.R: All of our conversations have been pointless, since...you know.S: Yeah.R: This is the hugest subject avoidance I've ever seen.S: [nods]R: So...S: So...R & S: ...what now?----------Thank you very much, I hope you enjoyed my short play.I know I enjoyed writing it. :-)
Gotta love those Freudian slips! urlLink Life really is like a sitcom .I think mine's this bad UPN one that you think is the corniest show ever, but you still watch it just because you've got nothing better to do.My second season just ended...it got higher ratings than last year, but the season finale left something to be desired.I guess we're just going to have to wait for the premiere this August.And it really is all in the timing.
The title says it all.We're halfway done with high school.Yeesh.So here's the rundown on exams week (starting Saturday, because that's when I started studying): Saturday : I metLuis, Maria, Joy, Brandon (Cogan), and Aliciaat Barnes and Noble to studyWorld History and Chemistry .The main thing that happened was that Luis got me all the correct answers to the old chem tests (which didn't help much anyways; seeThursday )...then Cogan and Joy left...Alicia showed up for around five-sixths of a second and left again...and so Luis, Maria, and I are left hanging around Starbucks.We played cards for a while; I learned poker (yay!) and, after not being able to get Pranay or Ha to come there to playSpades , Luis asked arandom strangerif he knew how to play Spades...which I didn't want to teach, so we ended up playing V.C....the random person was Asian, so he won, of course.I had aJava Chip Frapuccino , which was excellent. Then we gave up cards, and Luis quizzed Maria and me on World History...half the answers seemed to be "unrestricted submarine warfare"...don't ask. Maria had to go, leaving Luis and I supremely bored at b&n.and hungry, we were pretty hungry too.(oh yeah, andmaerillywas SUPPOSED to come, but she skipped out on us) So we decided to walk over to the buildings in the parking lot of b&n, but there was no place there that we could afford.we ended up walking toFirst Colony Malland eating in the food court, where I sawAmanda Comer . Then Luis realized he was supposed to meet his ride atAMC First Colonyabout fifteen minutes ago and had to run, so I just waited for my parents to pick me up...after that I went toCiCi'swith my family (yes, the stammtisch CiCi's).Went to sleep pretty soon after we came back. Sunday : I was SUPPOSED to be studying this day, but I had decided the day before that I couldn't study at home; it's SO MUCH EASIER to study at b&n.So again, I got a ride there from my dad.Also, I realized the secret to studying at a bookstore: you have to know what you're going to get distracted by...in my case (at b&n) it's ALWAYS that I end up picking up some random book and read instead of studying.So, in order to keep myself on track, I calledHaand got her to come keep me company.I was studying precal that day, and my plan worked tremendously well (see Monday). We found a book that she'd known about calledAll in the Timing(title of my blog now), which has 14 one-act plays by a guy calledDavid Ives .REALLY hilarious.we want to do'variations on the death of trotsky'for reader's theater next year. I had ANOTHER java chip frapuccino (thanks to Ha), which probably wasn't exceptionally good for me.She had coffee too, but I guess it didn't work too well, because after about an hour or so she nearly fell asleep.Anyways, so I did in fact get some work done. Her dad got there, so she left.In about five minutes I had found a book on game design and was reading that for the next twenty minutes until my mom called and said she was almost there to come get me. Also, I found a cd in the music section byDispatchwhich I MUST buy soon.I just need money. Monday : TookPreCal and German .I thought this would be my hardest day, but in fact that ended up being Friday, ironically enough.PreCal was grueling, but not exceptionally hard.German was actually pretty hard.Got home, went to sleep, woke up, ate, went back to sleep. Tuesday :Multimedia and Compsci .Easy stuff.After compsci the girls were playing this game that resulted in a prediction ofneilgrabbingshalin's butt .Gross stuff.After multimedia I did an audioblogger post ofblakespreading...he didn't spread his fastest, but oh well.After school I did pretty much the same thing as the day before: got home, went to sleep, woke up, ate, went back to sleep. Wednesday :English and World History .Both were moderately easy.The World History final was exactly like the review, thank God. Thursday : That's today, savvy?DuringOrchestra , we playedSpades .The result? Mr. So to and I thoroughly kickedAsif's and Naveed's collective butt .Of course, Asif blames it all on Naveed.I really should have studied for chem instead, because the next period, I got completely owned by theChemistryfinal.200 questions in about 1.5 hours.Pure hell.I should be okay...I can miss 56 questions and still make an A for the semester.Also, I ran out of time, so I calledThe Random Crap Rule , which states:If you write down Completely Random Crap on a test, you're bound to get at least ONE answer correct .I very much hope so. Oh yeah, and I found out my PreCal grade: 98.NINETY-EIGHT!If it wasn't the last day of school, I'd get jumped by juniors; I completely wrecked the grade curve.mwahaha.So I guess studying at b&n worked after all.Peace out, friends.Enjoy your summer, and DON'T BE SMART UNTIL AUGUST!
So as some (or perhaps none) of you might know, I got into theurlLink GMail(google mail) beta test.Apparently people will go to great lengths to get a gmail account (which i got throughurlLink blogger , but only some people can get that). onurlLink gmail swap , a site dedicated to letting invitations to gmail be traded, people offer the strangest things.i've seen a human liver, a left index finger nail, an unused cd key for counter-strike, domesticated animals, and my personal favorite,urlLink "the last lingering shreds of my dignity"(scroll down if you clicked on the last one) also, gmail accounts have been sold for over $150 onurlLink ebay .wow.i should've done that.oddly, finals haven't really hit me yet.i'm off tourlLink b&nto study, but they still seem really far off...urlLink mochacappafrappuccino! ...just came back from b&n and a java chip frappuccino (thanks again!) i'm not sure what just happened...a close friend told me that she did some soul-searching and is mostly at peace with herself; i think my inner balance just got thrown off...P.S. ...yes, there is aurlLink dispatchcd there; it has two cds: around 20 songs from live performances...that's where i went when your (you know who you are) dad came...ALSO!!! the new title of my blog comes from the title of a collection of short plays byurlLink David Ives .he's a brilliant one-act playwright...he wrote "variations on the death of trotsky" (which is my new subheading and also "sure thing", among others...really hilarious
So here i am, finally blogging about the gala.Pratham : volunteer movement to help raise literacy among children in India (and doing a pretty good job of it too).every year they hold this huge gala (700 ppl) to raise money: tickets are $100 each, but it's more of a donation thing.for that you get a cocktail hour, followed by fancy dinner with hindi music, then dancing and crap. [note: i just realized that my entire involvement in pratham stemmed directly out ofmrs. lafleur'svolunteer project; must thank her for that] anyways, so i got to theWestin Galleria ballroomat around 2:00, shortly thereafterManasy , the head of volunteers, arrived.we hung around for a while; she told me that she told ppl to be there at 2:30 (i was early) in hopes that they might actually arrive by 3.finallyMani auntiecame with the crap that we had to put on all the dinner tables, which we started doing. around that timemeera, nupur, priya, silkie (?), and some other girls whose names i don't remembershowed up (carrying boxes fromthe Cheesecake factory , no less). also a fellow soph from Memorial high school showed up,nikhil , bringing the total count of nikhils i know up to243 .no, i'm kidding, it's just6 or so . so i'm like, cool, i finally know someone here, cuz meera and nupur and priya go tohightower(even though i didn't really know them, i knew OF them), and nikhil was cool too, although hungry.all the time.and i mean ALL the time. so what happened next...hm....right, so then the guys, meaning nikhil, me, and the adult guys went up to the rooms that mani auntie had reserved for us volunteers to change.finally when we got back downstairs, they had food for the volunteers; somereally kickass stuffed jalapenosthat challenged even MY taste buds. wow...freakin' awesome. (there was more food too; the jalapenos just stick out in my memory) so then i'm hanging around the stage withthis guywho's like in his forties or something and who manasy said is with me helping with audio/visual crap.the audio DJ/mixer guy was namednadeem ; he was pretty good. then thea capella group from UTshowed up, they're called HUM (clickurlLink HEREfor a link to their website, buy a CD) don't ask me why it's all in caps...it just is. so they're pretty cool; i helped nadeem hook up their mics and crap. one of the singerssays she knows me from somewhere; she looked familiar too, just can't place her face...hm... so i ended up going toMokund (?) uncleand asking what i'm supposed to do; he told me to keep the singers happy; which was perfectly fine by me, they're cool ppl.so i ended up putting them in the side room where the volunteers had eaten to hang around; then everyone seemed to forget about them until they were supposed to sing, at which point i had to dash backstage and around tables to get them... but i'm getting ahead of myself. next what happened wasmeeraswiped us (me and nikhil) to help with flower arrangements. FLOWER ARRAGEMENTS .of all things...yeesh.nupur was showing us how to do it when nikhil got a cell phone call and left (he never came back) and i managed to sneak out too (sorry nupur...lol) so that guy i was hanging around with?his name was likeakshay (?) uncleor something like that...i only found out MUCH LATER that he wasNUPUR'S DAD !!!i would've watched what i was talking about...yeesh again. we found out that nupur's little sister goes to dulles middle school where she's taught byellen townley , who's MY private viola teacher, so it's a small world after all, yadda yadda yadda....etc. so next we have the thing starting and crap.ppl are getting drunk on whiskey in the lobby while i was running around doing all that stuff that i mentioned before... finally we let them into the ballroom.they found their tables and stuff.apparently there was a big fuss about registration cuz there were so many ppl who just randomly CAME without telling us...but you'll have to ask one of thefish girlsabout that; i wasn't there. so HUM performed...they're REALLY good...wow...i bought a cd for $5...definately worth it. (listening to it all weekend + today) let's see...what's next...? right, so then me and rest of kids are sitting around and eating dinner (FREAKING DISGUSTING) and after that was ice cream cake.then they started playing more dance-ish music and theOLD PEOPLE STARTED DANCING ...SO SCARY!!someone said that she hoped they didn't get a heart attack...i concur...yeesh! plus a bunch of them were half-drunk...including Mokund uncle, a VOLUNTEER!he was dancing with hiswhiskey , no less.so weird. so Manasy wantedus kidsto dance to get them started, but we figured they were already pretty well started (and they were) so we were just hanging out and doing random hindi dance stuff on the side...WISH WE HAD DANDYAS THERE!! nikhil and i tried to dodandya ras with our hands ...didn't quite have the same effect (lol!). slow-dance music came on...i had the extremely strange experience of seeingtwo girls DANCE AS IF THEY WERE LESBIANS !!! i'm still not sure that they AREN'T! learned how toslow-dance(thanks nupur and meera!), so now i PROBABLY won't trip over my own or other people's feet..yay! we slowdanced for a bit until faster music came on.by this time more ppl had left and the dance floor was clear enough for us (andthree ppl from HUM ) to do the12-step garbah dance thingaround the floor...fun, 'cept i kept on getting screwed up 'cuz they started on an off-beat. tired and exhausted, but having just had the most fun i'd had all year, i headed down to the lobby to meet my mom who was picking me up (because SOMEONE couldn't take me HOME!...jk) so peace ya'll.... pratham galawas really fun...and i even left out a lot... i was there fora grand total of 12 HOURS ...wow... catch ya'll later.P.S. leave a comment! (click where it says 'comments')
pratham gala 2004 update still coming...someday...but in the meantime take a look at this: urlLink CLICK HERE have funP.S. here's another hilarious link; courtesy of pk:urlLink NOW CLICK HEREfreaking hilarious!
So I'll post soon about the Pratham Gala 2004, but in the meantime let me just say GO BLOGGER!!! for making these new templates and for adding comment support! that's right, you can insult my posts quicker, easier and faster now...in other words, there goes my tagboard. also, you can now update your blog via email...it's pretty cool! 'til next time...P.S.each post now has its own page, on which it displays the comments and such.it's great cuz you can link to individual posts now...let's see xanga top THAT!
So I've realized that for some strange reason I associate people, objects, events, etc. with music.There's usually a story behind it too.My sister: Matchbox 20 - Bright Lights She and I are just turning down our street (she's driving) when this song comes on that we both like, but neither of us knows what it is.So we drive around our neighborhood for the next five minutes until it's done, then we went home and both rushed to the internet to find the name.It took a little while, but it was Bright Lights.Then we, uh, procured a version of the song.Colin: Eagle Eye Cherry - Save Tonight That guy can sing, even though it doesn't seem like it.This is the only song I've heard Colin sing.Jordan: Dispatch - Two Coins I just emailed her this song recently; she downloaded it and was trying to play it when this person in a chat room she was in started playing rap, so Jordan thought that I had emailed her rap music...she got it working eventually.Ha: The Violet Burning - I'm No Superman This song was on my blog, and apparently she used to go and listen to it all the time.I finally burned it on a cd for her.I'm just waiting until she gets tired of it, but that doesn't seem to be happening anytime soon.When I think of more, I'll post them.The links are in my mind; I just have to hear the song somewhere first.Another note: My DBQ essay ended up to be SIX FULL PAGES, double-spaced.That's the best report I've ever written.Check out this sentence:"Although Rhodes is quite biased toward England, one can analyze his justification of imperialism through English nationalism to uncover the core cause of the nineteenth century British obsession with colonization; they believed that it was their 'creed…dream…and mission.'"It's just awesome!I didn't plan it that way; I wrote it and then I'm thinking "That's freaking unintelligable!".It's the debate influence, I know. 
And here are my summer reruns because: 1. I'm too lazy to post. 2. AFA starts tomorrow and I won't have time.So every time i've got nothing better to do I'll post a link to one of my old posts or one of someone else's old posts.Enjoy! urlLink Rerun #1 - The Blogster Awards urlLink Rerun #2 - Vibrrrrrrraaatoh! urlLink Rerun #3 - To Rhyme urlLink Rerun #4 - The First "10" List 
The english language is so weird.to show you what i mean, let's look at a passage from Shakespeare'sRomeo and Juliet , translated into English through the ages...-------------------------------- SCENE I. Verona. A public place.Enter SAMPSON and GREGORY, of the house of Capulet, armed with swords and bucklersSAMPSONGregory, o' my word, we'll not carry coals.GREGORYNo, for then we should be colliers.SAMPSONI mean, an we be in choler, we'll draw.GREGORYAy, while you live, draw your neck out o' the collar.SAMPSONI strike quickly, being moved.GREGORYBut thou art not quickly moved to strike.SAMPSONA dog of the house of Montague moves me.GREGORYTo move is to stir; and to be valiant is to stand: therefore, if thou art moved, thou runn'st away. ------------------------------------------ That was the original Shakespeare...now let's see the modern summary/translation, courtesy ofurlLink SparkNotes ... ------------------------------------------Sampson and Gregory, two servants of the house of Capulet, stroll through the streets of Verona. With bawdy banter, Sampson vents his hatred of the house of Montague. The two exchange punning remarks about physically conquering Montague men and sexually conquering Montague women.----------------------------------------- and now translated to the way a AOL user would write it, via theurlLink AOLer Translator ... ----------------------------------------- SCENE I. Verona. A public place.Enter SAMPSON and GREGORY, of the house of Capulet, armed with swords and bucklers SAMPSON GRAGORY O MAH WORD WAL NOT CARY COALSGREGORY NO FOR THEN WA SHUD B COLEIRSSAMPSON I MAAN AN WE B IN CHOLAR W3L DRAWGREGORY AY WHIEL U LIEV DRAW UR NEK OUT O DA COLARSAMPSON I STRIEK QUIKLY BNG MOVEDGREGORY BUT THOU ART NOT QUIKLY MOVED 2 STRIEKSAMPSON A DOG OF TEH HOUSA OF MONTAGU3 MOV3S MEGREGORY 2 MOV3 IS 2 STIR AND 2 B VALIANT IS 2 THEIR IF THOU ART MOVAD THOU RUNST AWAY!!1! LOL ------------------------------------
I didn't really want to do this, but here goes anyways...HAVE YOU EVER...1. Kissed your cousin: on the cheek, sure 2. Ran away: nope 3. Pictured your crush naked: not gonna answer this ~.~ 4. Skipped school: me? no, seriously... 5. Broken someone's heart: sadly, yes 6. Been in love: depends on your definition of "love" 7. Cried when someone died: mhm, my uncle...R.I.P. Kshitij Kothari 8. Wanted someone you knew you could never have: yep 9. Broken a bone: nope 10. Done something embarressing: THIS is embarassing! 11. Lied: i prefer to call them "distortions of the truth" 12. Cried in school: nahWHICH IS BETTER...13. Coke or Pepsi: Coke, duh14. Sprite or 7up: sprite, if anything15. Girls or guys: in what way? 16. Flowers or candy: CHOCOLATE!!! 17. Scruff or clean shaved: wtf?18. Blonds or brunettes: quoting Ha: "Neither. Black hair is friggin awesome." 19. B!tchy or Slutty: there's a difference? 20. Tall or short: for girls, i'll take short 21. Pants or shorts: Pants22. Night or day: the shadows of the nocturneWITH THE OPPOSITE SEX... (ooh this should be interesting)23. What do you notice first: smile24. Last person you slow-danced with: let's see...i think it was nupur...she taught me how to slow dance (thanks!) 25. Worst Question to Ask: what gender are you really? THE LAST TIME YOU...26. Showered: this morning 27. Stepped outside: my balcony, about five minutes ago ABOUT YOU...28. Romantic moment: nothing noteworthy29. Romantic moment gone wrong: see above 30. Your Good Luck Charm: keychain 31. Person you hate the most: no one, really32. Best thing that has ever happened to you: lieben 33. Worst thing that has ever happened: see above 34. Picture on your desk: me and my sister! FAVORITE...35. Color: blue36. Movie: lord of the rings!woo hoo! 37. Artist or band: too many! some good ones: dispatch, Wise Guys, Howard Shore 38. Ice cream: double chocolate chunk dipped in chocolate39. Food: indian, chinese, mexican, italian, americanWHO...40. Makes u laugh the most: um...myself41. Makes u smile: the innate humor in the world 42. Can Make you feel better no matter what: my sister43. Has a crush on you: *cough* 44. Do you have a crush on: *cough* 45. Has it Easier: class of '07 in mr. trinh's class46. Gives you a funny feeling when you see them? define "funny"47. Makes you feel like you can fly forever: isn't this getting a bit personal???48. Do you love unconditionally? familyDO YOU EVER...49. Sit by the phone at night waiting for a certain someone to call: if they TELL me they're calling, then sure...otherwise, not really50. Save AIM conversations: twice 51. Save e-mails: i have Gmail! i archive everything52. Forward secret emails: never 53. Wish you were someone else: probably once or twice, but not really54. Wish you were a member of the opposite sex: NO 55. Wear cologne: meh 56. Kiss: kiss who?57. Cuddle: meh58. Go online for more than 8hrs at a time: a real question would be LESS than 8 hours at a timeHAVE YOU EVER...59. Fallen for your best friend: funny you should ask... 60. Made out with JUST a friend: no. 61. Kissed two people in the same day: mom and dad?62. Had sex with two ppl in the same day: well...no, just kidding 63. Been rejected: not yet 64. Been in love: define "love"65. Been in lust: no. 66. Used someone: i'd love to say no, but...67. Been used: meh 68. Dumped someone: nope69. Been Cheated on: not yet...let's keep it that way70. Been Kissed: by? 71. Done Something you regret: yes.WHO WAS THE LAST PERSON...72. You touched: my mom73. You talked to: my mom74. You hugged: my mom or my dad...there aren't that many ppl in my house!and i haven't been anywhere the whole day75. You IMed: close2home76. You kissed: dunno77. You yelled at: dunno78. You thought about: someone ~.~79. Who text-messaged you: i think it was joy, about a year and a half ago...80. Who broke your heart: *sigh*... 81. Who told you they loved you: no comment DO YOU...82. Have tattoos: define "tattoo" 83. Have piercings: nope 84. Have a boyfriend: um...that's disturbing.who made me take this quiz anyways??85. Own a Webcam: yeah, but do i use it? no. 86. Own a Thong: nah 87. Ever get off that damn computer: never 88. Sprechen Sie Deutsch: Ja, Deutsch ist am Besten! 89. Habla espanol: nein 90. Quack: do i quack?yeah, at the ducks on the lake near my house. 91. Do a lot of stupid stuff: sometimesHAVE YOU/ DO YOU/ ARE YOU...92. Stolen anything: let's just keep that quiet, okay?93. Smoke: although i don't have MY brain, i do have A brain.NO.94. Schizophrenic: at times i argue with myself...does that count?95. Obsessive: um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um um 96. Compulsive: ;slkjlkjfkd 97. Obsessive Compulsive: *twitches convulsively* heh heh heh 98. Panic: when panic is called for, yes 99. Anxiety: "have you anxiety?" "do you anxiety?" "are you anxiety?" none of those work, you 100-questions-writing-idiot! 100. Depressed: sometimes...but overall no.whew...finally done.and i managed to not reveal anything at all! yay!
GourlLink herefor my D-Day project. It's been 60 years...I quote The Return of the King: "Hail the victorious dead." 
Current time...11:58 PMmy aim conversations are slowly ending as one by one, people either go to sleep or get annoyed with me.mostly they go like this:hOtangel: why dont u go 2 sleep? nirav015: i'm too lazy to drag myself the two feet to my bed hOtangel: thats just insane nirav015: well nirav015: i also have to turn off the light hOtangel: you're just a lazy beep nirav015: sounds about right(note: hOtangel is nupur, not some random online hooker, as it may seem by the name) here's another funny excerpt:hOtangel: todays the first day i was home the whole day hOtangel: all i did was SLEEP nirav015: i've been home for the past week...consider yourself lucky hOtangel: ive been out VOLUNTEERING hOtangel: i consider that fun, eh? nirav015: right hOtangel: volunteering my foot nirav015: i didn't know anyone would want your foot...right.here's what else i've been doing: reading archives fromurlLink Real Life Comics(it's an online comic strip, idiot).i think colin suggested it to me. i was thinking about drawing a comic strip myself, but i realized that i can't draw worth a crap.my comic self portrait looks like a lima bean.and i'm not joking. so if you, dear reader, have anything at all to do, please leave a comment or tag the message board because I (to use a cliche) am bored beyond belief.if you're bored just like me, IM me and we'll have a pointless conversation.P.S. it's the next day.i'm having a pointless conversation withurlLink maerilly ...excerpts:nirav015: you know what? ooooolala06: chicken butt? nirav015: no...and...ooooolala06: FIND A BLOG SKIN! nirav015: I WILL nirav015: SOMEDAY nirav015: whenever i get off my lazy beep and get around to it ooooolala06: then get off it now! ooooolala06: hehe nirav015: it happens to be quite comfortable where it is, thank you very much
I told Ha the other day that "I don't travel much...only a few places."But then she asked where I've been, and I realized that actually, I travel a LOT. Here's my list so far: Foreign CitiesLondon, England Budapest, Hungary Vienna, Austria Bombay, India Delhi, " Prague, the Czech Republic Bratislava, Slovakia Venice, Italy Florence, " Rome, " Zurich, Switzerland Basel, " Toronto, Canada Amsterdam, Holland U.S. CitiesLos Angeles, California San Francisco, " Palo Alto (Stanford), " Santa Cruz, " Washington D.C. Austin, Texas San Antonio, " El Paso, " Port Aransas, " Dallas, " Galveston, " Corpus Christi, " Orlando, Florida Tulsa, Oklahoma Columbia, Missouri Ann Arbor, Michigan Detroit, "That's all for now.I'm going to Albany, New York later this summer for a wedding.One more to add to the list!
What's going on??I feel like all my friends have left me.Everyone's either:1. On a cruise (Joy) 2. In Germany (Jordan, Andrew, most people in German) 3. In Iowa (Pranay) 4. Under house arrest (Ha) 5. Just logged off AIM (Maerilly) 6. Not on AIM at all (everyone else)It's boring!Especially since I actually have work to do; I'm taking the Chemistry SAT II on Saturday, and I'm supposed to be studying. I've taken to playing Tien Len, also known as VC, with Maria and Luis.That, or I've been playingurlLink iSketch . Also, I've been checking myurlLink Gmailinbox.Repeatedly.As though I expect someone to email me.Even though I haven't emailed anyone. You can see how much my life has degenerated.I need b&n, coffee, and spades.
The Democratic National Convention just got off to a rousing start. In case you missed it, here's the general jist of Bill Clinton's speech. I come to you today to talk about John Kerry.He will be great because he has the same name as other great presidents such as John Adams and John Kennedy.And so does his vice president, John Edwards.The Republicans had many views on running this country over the past four years, such as...[descends into technical mumbling]...and in consequence, making little old ladies carry their own groceries!If you want this, go ahead, by all means vote for them.But if not, JOHN KERRY AND JOHN EDWARDS ARE HERE!!!George W. Bush also did things like tax cuts the rich...[complicated mumbling again]...which in turn, closed down all schools and made every child join a gang simply to eat every day!If this is your idea of America, vote for him.But if you don't think that's right, JOHN KERRY'S YOUR MAN!!!If you want to vote for the party that I'm pretty sure had something to do with the West Nile virus, go ahead, but if not, VOTE FOR JOHN KERRY AND THE DEMOCRATS!!!When the Vietnam War arrived, I ducked military duty along with Bush.But when they asked John Kerry, he said, "Send me!".When the Army asked John Kerry to go in for dangerous missions, he didn't hide.He said, "Send me!".And then later, when volunteers were needed to infiltrate an evil scientist's lab on a remote island, John Kerry said, "Send me!".When America was threatened by a huge asteriod, did John Kerry run?No!He donned his red and blue tights and flew into outer space to stop it with his bare hands, shouting, "Send me!".And remember, his name's John.That's the basic idea.Good night, everybody. 
I'm sorry, but Amanda made me do it! and yes, i know you're SUPPOSED to put it in a comment on that person's xanga, but i don't have a xanga, so i can't comment and crap.shut up. and yes, if i must, i'll do this quiz for other people too.just ask.nicely. YET ANOTHER QUIZ1. who are you? rook, who else? 2. are we friends? yeah 3. when and how did we meet? german, i think? 4. how have i affected you? you made me friends with the german I's 5. what do u think of me? "well, lemme es'plain...no, too long.lemme sum up." still too long...isn't that what this entire quiz is for? 6. what's the fondest memory you have of me? doing "3-headed broadway star" at lunch with nick 7. how long do you think we will be friends? as long as you want to be friends, i'm game 8. do you love me? define "love" 9. do you have a crush on me? no 10. would you kiss me? probably not 11. would you hug me? sure 12. physically, what stands out? eyes 13. emotionally, what stands out? sense of humor 14. do you wish i was cooler? you can't be any cooler! 15. on a scale of 1-10, how hot am i? ein zu zehn?das ist sehr klein fur dich. 16. give me a nickname and explain why you picked it schlampe...no, jk.a nickname?that's hard... 17. am i loveable? mhm 18. how long have you known me? less than a year 19. describe me in one word. bright 20. what was your first impression? an intelligent, funny girl with the proverbial twinkle in her eye 21. do you still think that way about me now? yep 22. what do you think my weakness is? that's assuming you HAVE one 23. do you think i'll get married? yes 24. what makes me happy? i've never seen you NOT happy 25. what makes me sad? see above 26. what reminds you of me? "whose line" 27. if you could give me anything what would it be? ich weiss nicht 28. how well do you know me? moderately well 29. when's the last time you saw me? end of last school year 30. ever wanted to tell me something but couldn't? um...not really 31. do you think i could kill someone? if it was worth it, yes 32. are you going to put this on your xanga and see what i say about you? NO XANGA!XANGA BAD!BLOG GOOD!
AFA's over, sadly, but pictures are upurlLink here . Also, Ashley Salinas created an AFA blogringurlLink here .Unfortunately, I can't join, but I'll put a permanent link to it whenever I get around to putting my links up. See you guys next summer!
Some things we just don't need to know:urlLink click here(the second paragraph)
Last night I had a dream.In it, someone I miss dearly came to my house, somehow, and we were just sitting and chatting.And that, just being there talking, was complete heaven.I haven't seen this person since school ended, just seen them on AIM, said "hi!" over the phone.But there's nothing like actually talking; nothing replaces face-to-face conversation. Today has been the worst day of a horrible week.My shoulder's been hurting from viola playing, I have to learn a piece that I'm playing as a favor for the bride in a wedding in Albany, NY tomorrow; I've been overstressed, overworked, and yelled at all day.And all this with no frappuccino to get me through the day, too. But every time I get way too depressed, I just calm down, take a deep breath, and remember that wonderful feeling I had, just talking.And then, when I'm playing my piece for that wedding, I only have to remember the feeling I had when I woke up and realized it was all a dream to push that extra emotion into the music.
...quoting the T-101 from the Terminator series.So yes, I'm back, but it may not be for long, depending on how lazy/active I am.Some updates: - I've taken up harmonica, which is going pretty well.The only problem is a lack of music to play. - My summer music camp, the American Festival for the Arts (AFA), is also going great.We had an excellent first concert, and we're all set to have another one in two weeks, when we're playing Tschaikovsky's 2nd Symphony. - I have 5 invitations to Gmail from my account.So if I know you (or probably even if I don't), leave me a message on the tagboard and I'll see if I want to give you one. - For anyone who's out of town, or going to be out of town, have fun and use sunscreen!At least over here, the funked up Houston weather has kicked in, making it either pouring rain or hot and humid. - I'm leaving for Albany, NY a week from today for a wedding, which should be fun. And that's about it for now.Oh, and I think I'm going to finish my short story that I started a while ago.If I ever do finish, I'll post the three parts up here one by one for your reading pleasure. Enjoy your summer break!
I reformatted my hard drive today, and therefore I have to copy all my backups back to my newly cleansed computer. It's taking quite a while, so I just decided to get it done tonight and stay up late. That's when I saw him. "He" was some sort of insect. He was about as long as the diameter of a quarter and had six legs, extremely long feelers, and some sort of strange, rotating tail. He was on the wall behind my computer. Now, that's not the weirdest bug I've seen. When I was in India last summer with my family, I glimpsed a large colorful insect on a flight of stairs. It was doing the strangest thing, too. It would fling itself against one wall of the stairwell with all its might, then flop to the ground, where after a couple seconds of recovery, it would once again fly madly at the other wall. This went on for quite some time. Eventually we just hopped over the step. But back to this one. I tolerated he while talking on the phone to a friend; he just crawled around and occasionally flew a few feet along the wall. It seemed like he was exercising. Eventually he expanded his workout to include another wall, and an periodic foray across the room. I couldn't stand it anymore.I considered sleeping out in the hall and even dragged my bedsheets and pillows outside, but then I decided, this is MY room so HE'D better get out. I crept back inside my room, fearing that he might not be in the same place as when I'd left.He wasn't, but after a few seconds of frantic searching during which chills ran up my spine with increasing frequency, I located the bug doing a cool-down routine on the windowshade. Keeping my eye on him, I sat down on my couch.I needed a plan, but the only one I could think of was to scare him off the window and swat him out of the air.It'd make a big mess to splat him all over the window.That plan would have to do. I snuck across the room and grabbed the largest book on the bookshelf.Then I edged over to the window.A sudden move should do it.I swung the book near him, and he fled the window, only to run straight into my second swing. For a second I thought he had splattered himself across the book, then I saw him in the corner.He was flipping over himself repeatedly.I knew I must have injured him, but I wasn't sure, so I sat down to watch him.After a while he became motionless.Dead.Finally.I went back outside to get my sheets and pillows. When I got back in he had crawled halfway up the wall. "No," I whispered."You're dead."In disbelief I watched as he crawled in a circle a few times, as if to show off. Maybe I had just hit his wing or something.At least he couldn't fly anymore.But what to do now? My eyes lighted on the laminated periodic table of the elements lying in another corner of my room.I knew it was good for something. I used it to flick the bug off the wall.He caught himself in midair and took off flying around the room.Apparently I hadn't damaged him at all. He finally flew near the door, which I had thankfully left open.I waited until he had strayed out the door, then kicked it shut. Whew. Of course, there's always that crack underneath the door...
Here are a few items of interest:1. The All-State excerpts have been posted at theurlLink TMEA website . They also updated the errata for the etudes that were posted earlier this summer.2. An excellent online comic caught my attention that you guys should check out. It's calledurlLink Real Life Comics , by Greg Dean.3. Tomorrow (Tuesday) is decoration day for the orchestra at Hightower. If you're in orchestra and you want to come, be there at 5:00 or thereabouts. I think we're supposed to bring crafts materials too, like markers and such. Check with Sarah if you really want to be sure.Oh yeah, and tag the board or comment if you're coming so we know who to expect.4. Doom 3 is coming out soon. You'll be able to tell by the day that everyone calls in sick from work.5.There's an excellent program that I've started using called Stickies.They're like the Post-It's for the computer, except better.GourlLink hereto download it.Actually, there's another program called Stickies too.I'm not sure which one is better, sourlLink try that one outtoo.That's all for today. Enjoy the rest of your summer! 

overs & Shakers - The Typical Karachi GigBy Saphiya KhanEmail this article Roadside Romeos, classy chicks, smoke from the mouths of I-m-a-chain-smoker guys, girls clad in trademark crisp white cotton shalwars and duppattas, million kinds of ring tones in an effort just to show offs their new Nokia 8910 (while no one is on the other end of the line), a bit of maa behen ki gaaliyaan, with a sprinkle of head banging and some booty shaking… and you’ve got a Karachi concert.The Bahria gig that took place on the 9th of April was no different. Arranged by the 'Textile Institute of Pakistan’, the concert featured Mizmaar (a.k.a. NOT Mizraab) and Strings. The show started as usual about an hour late, not that I mind as the place was air-conditioned which helped my make-up not get ruined. But the guys sitting behind seemed to mind the delay making loud comments like “Abey buhut hogaya, ab shuru ker" and the likes.Killing time wasn’t really a problem as I was trying to check out the self proclaimed "hunks" and the one in ten fitted-bell-bottom-clad babes. A concert is the best place to see all sorts of such namoonas. Skinny guys wearing sleeveless shirts or Johnny Bravos with broad chests n muscles dressed in two sizes too small shirts. Who ever they were trying to impress was heavily disappointed to say the least.The wait was definitely worth it as the performance by Mizmaar was pretty darn good. It looked like Danyal Badshah (the vocalist) was high on something. The crowd enjoyed songs like Saday Nal, Tu Jo Merey and Ghalori. Kashan (the guitarist) seemed to be in top form as well. Charlie, of Mizraab, was on drums that night and Russell offered his fair share of kicks with the bass. The sound was unexpectedly amazing and that was all that the crowd needed.The typical guys gathering in the front of the stage was quite entertaining. Seemed like some of them had 'shake it daddy' playing in their minds. Shakin booties wasn’t the only thing that caught the eye, the guys head banging were pretty freaky too. Strings made their appearance soon after Mizmaar’s exit and the crowd was in awe. This time even the girls didn't try to restrain themselves and hopped in to dance at the front of the stage. Which was, of course, much to the guys’ delight.The rhythmic claps and one step moves all seemed, well, nice. The wet macho men got some time to catch their breaths and dry their sweats (I am not exactly complaining about the smell but a bit of air freshener would have done some good). The audience hummed all the songs through out and the ones in front danced their heads off to songs like Chhaye Chhaye and Dhaani.But of course, not all can go so well. After all it is a Karachi concert. Something seemed terribly out of place – it was all too perfect till now. And right then a little fuss was created when the dhakam peel began in the front rows. Our efficient security heroes jumped in and solved the matters by answering swears with swears, pushes with pushes and glares with bigger glares! The fuss soon ended and the heroes left with the 'sub set hai na?' Talk about efficiency.Despite a few hiccups the gig was a good one. And those of you who missed it, kind of missed a lot. So watch out for your "not-my-type" bands… they might just be as rocking as the others....and oh, if the guy with the "unf**k the world" t-shirt is reading this, I must say that it was a nice way of grabbing attention... *giggle giggle*
Junoon_____over the years 1991 saw the birth of a new Pakistani band,Junoon.Only this time the birth was different.Junoon wasn't just another band, it was 'the' band. I wouldn't be exaggerating if I called them a 'revolutionary' band. They entered the mainstream at the time when jhankar ruled, hideous rip-offs such as baby-yeah(remember sajjad ali?) were super hits and the word 'rock' was alien to 90% of our population. They are indeed the pioneers of Pakistani rock. While mummy daddies refused to recognize junoon's efforts as 'music', a larger part of the youth embraced junoonism. To them junoon was a passion that became more intense with each album. Although its roots lie in Pakistan, Junoon has enjoyed fame and success all over the world, courtesy the international music channels such as V and MTV that pampered it every now and then. The band was successful enough to create a new genre in Pakistan, the Sufi rock. With music inspired by Jimmy Hendrix, Jeff Black, Led Zeppelin and U2 and lyrics of great mystic poets such as Bulley Shah, Rumi, Ghalib and Iqbal, Junoon created a fusion that rocked the nation. (And a lot of other stuff too*wink*) Junoon's music is not categorized. It covered a wide range of topics in its music, from politics to the rise and fall of the taliban; they spoke up for all in their songs. Their bluntness and boldness added to their charms. They mustered up the guts in the time where media was anything but 'free'. The band began their work in 1990, when it comprised of Ali Azmat as the vocalist,Salman Ahmed the acoustic and electrical guitarist cum back up vocalist and Nusrat Hussain on the bass guitar. Their first album, Junoon, did not manage to hit the skies. It was highly criticized on, which isn't anything out of the blues for a new set up in Pakistan. It takes some time for us to get over the past and move on with something new all the time isn't it? The album Junoon, nonetheless, had some amazing tracks that were recognized in the later years such as Heer, Neend ati nahi and Rangoon main khoya. The negative response did not make Junoon lose all hopes. A year later, after bidding farewell to Nusrat Hussain and welcoming Brian o Connell as the bass guitarist, Junoon came up with their second album 'Talaash', a truck and roll album which funny to think was sponsored by close up. It was Brian's first album but his finesse didn't come until the third album, Inquilaab, released in 1995.Inquilab was no doubt the strongest pillar for Junoon.It proved their strength and rocked the Paki music scene with the smashing hit such as Husan waloon, Khwaab, Heeray and Saeein.Junoon was now a stable hit in Pakistan. In 1996 the cricket world cup saw a rise of a patriotic song "Jazba Junoon" that became an instant hit with the already crazed stalker cricket fans. The sales of their album, soared high and now their fan following included people of all ages, not just teeny boppers. The video for their religious devotion based song, Saeen managed to change the opinions of many critics including the country's so-called mullahs. The fifth album came out in 1997.Named Kashmakash, it again hit the top charts but this surely wasn't the best there was to Junoon.The band broke all previous records and entered the international market when their album "Azadi" was released. The head banging, typical rock style was so in, it gave all parents the freaks yet nothing could stop the growing fame of Junoon.Songs such as Khudi, Meree awaz sunoo and Yar bina were widely acclaimed and junoon became a household name. Junoon receivedappreciation and acknowledgement even from the neighboring India, which was incredible, keeping in view the relations of the two countries at that time. The band won a golden disc for Azaadi at an international music channel awards after sharing the stage with top class international bands such as Pearl Jam, Oasis, Bush and the likes.Their video for the song "ehtesaab" focused on our corrupt politicians and was ,as expected, banned from our local TV stations. The then P.M of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif, banned the band claiming it was due to the promotion of jeans and long hair in Pakistani culture but it was a widely known fact that the ban was inflicted since Junoon refused to sing for his "karz utaro mulk sawaro' scheme and did the song "ehtesaab" with imran khan instead. The ban did not dampen their spirits, Junoon carried on with their promotion for peace. The band maintained a consistent ethical rectitude. Record sales were the highest for Azadi and it remains to be the king of all albums. The next album Parvaaz was by far superior to anything junoon had ever made. The production was flawless and the album had a complete theme and songs that seem liked they belonged. Plus it had ghoom, the epic. The song that had single-handedly defined junoon's greatness. Too bad the album did not do well in India. That got Junoon wondering what the hell happened and ever since they are clutching to the old fame which is somewhat fading away. The Pakistani music scene has gone much mature in the past 13 years and the audience has a vast choice now. With innumerable bands sailing in the sea, Junoon has a lot more competiton. Their next albums did not carry out the old charm and failed to impress the Junoonis. No wonder there were so many converts from 'junoonism'.Junoon's music now is more commercial than ever and now with the different directions and ali azmat's solo tracks out, there is not much doubt left about the 'stability' of the band. Their latest album deewar was no help to the falling repute and fame of the band, instead it made the fall deeper and with a louder 'thud'. Everything aside, Junoon has made its name written in gold in the Pakistani music history. With over 20 million records selling world wide, the band did play their fair share in making Pakistan proud. Many of us Junoonis have grown up with Junoon's music. It has been a part of us for over 13 years and it is no wonder we feel a sense of loyalty towards the band. We do miss 'our' junoon, the one that lacked commercialism. Every Junooni has a Junoon moment, and in return Junoon has a song for every situation in our life. There is a fondness for Junoon in our hearts for it has been with us for long. Funny how their music inspired us and changed our lives yet we never got to thank them. So here I do it finally, All hail to Junoon, for being what they are and for playing their part in our lives. And of course, for also making us realize there is more to ‘music’ than some do dee daa crap. Junoon rocks!!! 
he Ali Brothers Before I began my "flip-search" through the channels at mid night, I predicted to myself there would be noori with a doo dee daa song on IM, a few porn movies on the "night-time-only" channels my cable wala puts on, some old pushtu movie on UNI TV (wtf?)And some never ending glamour filled Indian drama on star plus among my options to watch. But never in my wildest dreams did I imagine seeing the "ali brothers" on PTV nighttime transmission. *Sigh* Wasn’t IM requested and Alizeh's favorite enough???? Why I took the pain to watch them for three full hours, you ask? Well, I couldn’t really miss the perfect combination of the guests and hosts. I mean, many of us would dread facing our ex's but doing that on national TV??? Ha ha...that's gotta be interesting...yes, along with Noor and Nadia was the humpy jumpy longhaired beauty (?) Mandana zaidi...for those of you who don’t know her.... she’s the same gal seen in all noori videos.... the one who tries high kicking in "tum hans diyey”. And was recently seen in jawad Ahmed's new song, tak dhina din. Oh and most importantly ,she happens to be his ex too. *sigh* The show started with the three hosts and the two guests striving to make a conversation. Mandana kept her eyes fixed on her hands. Even when she did speak, the words she used were “aap, jee, bolien”… ali noor and ali hamza kept running their hands in their thick hair.... the kind any girl wud kill for. Thank God they aren’t 100% girls.... I wud die if any girl besides me had that hair. A while later they acquired a mischievous tone, which didn’t fail to produce sly smiles on Mandana’s face. During the show, a few calls were placed to the Ali brothers’ family and friends and when Mandana called their parents ‘uncle and auntie’ and they replied with ‘tum’, all doubts in my mind were cleared. The show continued with Ali Noor blabbing endlessly. He even dissed Mandana twice. Ali Hamza backed him up with his occasional “Hun-Haan”. He sang his unreleased tracks “Merey kakya ki” and “gawal mandi”(that’s so unfair for BC, ainnit? *winks*) Yawning, I decided to switch the TV off but just then the phone calls were taken on air and finally the ‘fun’ part was here. There was a usual attack of the noorites at first, who seem to jump out of the receivers. Ali Hamza was receiving loads of requests to sing a song again but Ali Noor (read: the conceited one), sang manwa rey instead. The two even disclosed the fact that the initial plan was to have Ali Noor on the guitars and Ali Hamza on the vocals, which thank God didn’t happen! It hurts me to know there’s still space left for the band to sink lower*sigh*The most frequently asked question was “aap baal kyun nahi katwatey?”, which made Ali Noor get that “what-the-hell-is-your-problem?” look on his face. The end was near and yet nothing out of the blues had happened. It got me wondering where all the anti-noorites were? (Oh! And I did try to call in but couldn’t get through!) My eyes started to pain since I had already rolled them a gazillion times but the last three callers made it worth it. The conversation was something like: Caller1: Ali jee, my name is Amna .Do you remember me? We have met! Noor: I would know you by face Amna. Caller1: I’m the same girl who met you in Murree’s Usmania when you were with Anushay .You gave me an autograph on my bill. Noor (*blinks*): Uh, yeah I remember you. (Phone line disconnected) Host: Oh-Ho, disconnect hogaya… try again. …………………………………………………………………………………………. Caller2: Hey! I wanted to ask Ali Hamza how he came up with his song BC? What’s story behind it? Mandana (ever-so-eagerly): Jee, your question has been noted down. I’ll soon askHamza. And so she did. Twice (most probably in order to get back at Noor for dissing her). The first time Hamza ignored it slyly. The second time Mandana emphasized and Hamza blinked, looked blank and said,”kaunsa gana?” Talk about lameness! Ali noor barged in and changed the topic and this time Mandana let go. The third caller was the most interesting one. Caller 3: hello, I am blah blah. I have heard that Mandana zaidi and Ali Noor were having an affair. How true is that? (Mandana turns beetroot, Noor smilies, Hamza get an ear-to-ear grin, and the other two hosts have confused looks on their faces) Host: Umm, we’ll ask your question .Bye ……………………………………………………………………………………… Needless to say, the question wasn’t asked but an uncomfortable feeling did hang in the air. The show ended soon after that and I decided to flip through the channels once more before hitting the sack. The glam-filled dramas were still running on star plus, the pushto movie was about to end on uni tv(or so it seemed), the porn channel was still on and yes, as usual, there was Noori on IM! 
Paan Ki Dukaan* "An all chick band? Pakistani? Uh-Huh.Not possible." That's the most frequent reaction to PKD’s (Paan ki dukaan) existance. But we swear we exist! Erm, true we don't really qualify for the term "band" but you cannot even call us "not-a-band”. I mean we are there, present in the underground music scene and we know we'll never enter the mainstream but heck! We still rock! It all started within one week of the two of us becoming friends. Fanatic as we were about the desi rock scene, it wasn't hard to imagine ourselves as a band. After mustering up all our courage, we kinda gave our mums the 'outline' of what was on our minds and *booooom* Needless to say, we never brought the matter up again. We put our extra-genius brains to work and found a substitute for our dreams. We would make a band, but won't join the mainstream. After all both of us were already bathroom singers and no one seemed to mind that! Once we made the deal final, we were ready to face anything at all that came up. The very next moment we realized we didn't have any instruments nor a penny (yes, stuff was THAT bad). They say necessity is the mother of invention and we couldn't agree more. The idea clicked to Hira, the more creative one among us. We made a guitar (which isn't really as good as a real one but still!!!) out of a shoebox. Amazed? Don't be! All we had to do was make a hole through the side of the box and attach it with thick wood stick and cover the entire thing with three strands of long (real long) rubber band for strings and there! The guitar was ready! Saphiya’s guitar. Saphiya’s very own guitar. Homemade, fake but it was a guitar and it was all mine. ALL mine. Ah! Paradise: D Hira is the groovier one and her passion was solely for drums (though saphiya is the one who has a bad bad crush on waqar! *slurp*) The drums weren't a problem. Not at all. What is kitchen equipment for? We turned a plastic chair upside down, inverted two pateelas (read: haandees/thingi you cook food in:/) over the legs of the chairs and we even attached the lids of the pateelas for the 'extra' effect. Drumsticks were obviously spatulas and spoons. There! The "instrument problem" was solved. *Sigh* The next issue that came up was our name. We didn't want to sound 'oh-so-sophisticated' by using some French word nor did we want to sound conceited by using our own names (erm, ali noor doesn't get to read this, does he? *blinks*) Since we are desi girls with desi minds and desi music, the name we came up with was as desi as could be. Paan ki dukaan. *Winks*After this was decided, we covered our guitar and drums with shimmering paan wrappers to give the look we wanted and at our all girls' gig that are held at our studio (aka saphiya's storeroom), every person receives the chocolate flavored paans. *Slurp* Our music is not categorised.We'll do any kind. Rock, rap, jazz, Bhangra, pop, metal, punk rock, death metal...name it, we like it. We don't really have any proper songs to our account because we don't have the resources to make them but Yeah we did something which bands like junoon took years to do*evil grin*we ripped a song.'Ripped' is an understatement. We slaughtered the lyrics, scrambled the tune and VIOLA! We had our very own song. It’s called "Tu boring ho Gaya hai", ripped from one of the Uk bhangra bands. Red-hot flaming potato isn't our only inspiration (Doesn't every band like to use that word for the bands they copy? *giggle*giggle*) we adore the commercial advertisements’ jingles too. We soon plan to make a song called "paan chahiyey.kaunsa janab?" *grins*Frankly speaking, we know we won't ever enter the mainstream but what we want to say here is that girls are capable of almost everything. I mean, we had nothing to back us up. No sources, no support, nothing at all, if we could come up like this, then somebody who has all the resources can work miracles. And we know there are girls with support and resources but they are too shy to come out. When we started we didn't know our next door neighbor would even know we existed but thanks to online forums and orkut, we have gained a little popularity. We’re even thinking of launching a website in a couple of months (yeah! As soon as we get jobs as dj's on some fm *pouts*) what's better, Faisal Shah even volunteered to model for our 'in-our-dreams' only videos. *Jumps up and down*we might borrow some instruments from our friends and record some covers on our stuck-up computers. The proverb,'where there is a will, there’s a way’, seems to be more meaningful now ainnit? So all you sisters out there go for it if you can. The 'first paki all girls’ band' label is gone but you can strive to be the second *wink*wink*.And if any parent reads this (which I seriously doubt), please don't underestimate your daughters and back them up like you would do for your sons. It’s the 21st century! HELLO! Cheers By : Saphiya Khan(aka the showboxist/vocalist) 
ate: Monday, March 15, 2004Hello everyone please read this when you can.Take a break, grab a tissue and as always thanks in advance for ‘listening’.Ok I’ve written Adrian’s Final Days as a prologue to Our Cancer Story.It’s the section that's meant to give the most strength, but you might not get it without reading what’s to come, rather I should say ‘what happened 5 years ago’ when Adrian became a miracle cancer survivor.These final days churned inside me yet it’s the hardest part to share.But now on the 15th of March 2004, six months to the day and date Adrian died (where I can feel his death, and his love so clearly) it’s the ideal time for me to write of that inconceivable day where my beloved husband Adrian took his last peaceful breaths (thankful beyond belief for the peacefulness of the end).The memories of the final hospital visit appear so clearly, as I listen to Coldplay sing (the disc that played continually in Adrian’s small hospital room and daily at home all spring during dinner).“For me all the movements are starting to fade.” How do you capture death?It is a part of life, true (though fortunately we don’t see death that often).From death life grows, well we do see that with the seasons (but give me a break!).From death we learn (the hardest and deepest of life’s lessons) so much we didn’t want to know.From death the earthquake ruptures continue for a lifetime (but surprisingly the love continues too grow too).When the person you love stops breathing, albeit peacefully, when you are holding hands, and saying how deeply you love the person that’s dying, how could that not be intimately special?How can that not also be terrifying, but it wasn’t, for some reason (though later it seemed too horrible to believe).Was I a lucky person to be alive, to be holding the hand of my sweetheart rather than those poor families of Sept 11th who never got to say goodbye?Those who had love taken so violently, well my peaceful goodbye felt oddly blissful only in comparison. “Nobody said it was easy, it’s such a shame for us to part”(that’s for sure) but“nobody said it would be this hard”(unbelievably difficult to say goodbye).The lyrics again weave through my train of thought.I hear Adrian talking to me, saying these exact words; I can even hear his voice.I truly believe this music is Adrian’s spirit talking to me now from the ‘other side’.Thinking back to Adrian right now on Monday the 15th at 11:30 am, serene as you can imagine (laying on the hospital bed, without the tubes to keep him alive).Breathing as though he were snoring. Snoring for his last occasion in his physical body.His body that had crashed on him, which had completely let him down (though he continued to be such a pleasant man), that no longer allowed him to do things in life he enjoyed.Adrian’s strong spirit and our deep love, kept him going longer than most people could’ve in a body that barely functioned.There is one major thing I learned from 'Adrian' during those painful last moments (something that became clear, which I’ll share with you now, so you can easily disagree).All living creatures are so much more than just a Body!We are actually in a body combined with a Spirit (that's everlasting too) which inhabits that body.In death our Spirit remains behind, "crosses over to the other side" you could say, to borrow a John Edward term, and stays with our loved ones still here on Earth.Of that there is comfort, just so much comfort when a loved one dies too young.And I feel Adrian’s spirit and love alive with me 6 months later and ever so strong.He just wouldn’t have made it these extra 5 miracle years in his body if it weren’t for his good nature, amazingly strong spirit and the love we shared.And then I hear the lyrics“come on in, my star is fading, I’m swerving out of control, I’ve got to get up out of this hole”and I feel as though Adrian is talking to me about how he felt as he lay dying, as his spirit came free from his physical body.I can feel him lying peacefully on the hospital bed, while I held his hand and stroked his forehead.I hear him saying, though he couldn’t talk while he was in the final coma,“Kathy, I’m at peace, take care of Rebecca, I know you will, I love you.You’ve given me so much happiness and love.And you must know that my spirit will be here with you and Rebecca always” .And in my heart I know that was going through his mind.Oh my love, my heart breaks for you, my heart aches for us, but that is a physical ache.I now realize your spirit is here in our home and with me always.But if the rational part of me could know that you are ok, could keep getting signs that your spirit is by my side, then I could be comfortable with the feeling that we are together forever.And in my most connected moments I know our love is linked eternally (in my non-connected times I’m angry at you for leaving us).The words (whose words?)“Parting is such sweet sorrow”so aptly describes saying goodbye to Adrian, the love of my life.And now I understand the depths of those words, as though the words themselves are crying.And again I hear Adrian talking to me in the lyrics,“I miss you, I miss you”and despite this being difficult to write, it’s also cathartic for my distraught system.Trying to deal with reality, trying to learn a new way to live, missing an essential limb, but learning to tune into the Spirit.And then the lyrics that talk to me most, making me think of that small hospital room“come on in, I've got to tell you what a state I'm in...”and I vividly feel those last moments (it’s happening now, isn’t it?).To understand the loss, and the surprising peacefulness that Adrian’s death brought, you must peek with me into the 12-day Virginia Mason hospital experience.Please stop and grab a cup of decaf (or whatever you drink) and take a break from your daily life.It would be important to me if you please (while your reading and living) make an extra effort to appreciate your loved ones.On a warm fall Thursday afternoon in early September, Adrian in horrible condition was transferred from Group Health Eastside (GH, where he'd been for 3 days, getting quickly worse) to Virginia Mason (VM, that had more specialty care).This would turn out to be his last ambulance ride.The terrific doctor on duty (the end of a weekly rotation), a strong middle-aged woman, eager to get information from me that she couldn’t read in the lengthy reports sent from GH.But Adrian, in a ghastly state when he arrived around 1 pm, didn’t even know what was happening; he had retreated to an altered consciousness that happens when your body is experiencing too much continued pain.The nurses said that his feverish condition, his excruciating pain, bruised body, and toxic blood were the worst they’d seen in a middle-aged patient (and these were well-trained older nurses).To simplify it was beyond terrifying to see Adrian’s awful circumstances.The memory is so scary (yet strangely comforting as it was the last days of Adrian’s life), and very difficult to put to words.The situation seemed so terrible and to make matters worse Adrian was having trouble breathing (gasping and gulping for air), and horribly his mouth (and his whole body) was bleeding.But it was so difficult because we couldn’t give him water (the likelihood of needing the respirator later in the night).That period before the respirator is so horrendous with the discomfort and continual gasping for oxygen.That was by far the 'worst' of the final days.In addition to his full body bruising and bleeding mouth, he couldn’t bear to be touched (because of the bruises and the not yet diagnosed cancer). I’ve never in my life been so scared (having a gun held to my head in college, nothing!).Seeing my most beloved suffering like that was like an 7.5 earthquake shaking below my feet and destroying the very ground I ‘barely’ stood on (literally it often felt as if the floor itself were caving in).I can still remember the doctor getting tears in her eyes (how often does that happen?) while we looked at the x-rays and planned a battery of tests and treatment plan.I felt brave, we had done this 5 years ago, and a person had to be stronger after 5 wonderful years, right?(Well if I felt so brave, why was I desperately holding onto my reeling sides?).Besides if I didn’t try to isolate the facts, and make sure things were being done right for Adrian, well then I would’ve ended up collapsing to the ground and falling apart like a hysterical person.And there were just too many details to keep straight, that it really wasn’t an option for me to become a screaming banshee, not even late at night or in traffic.‘My’ treatment plan was to stay as calm as possible and make sure everything was being done right on behalf of Adrian (and hence our life together). Certainly my calm attitude was a major change from 5 years ago, one of many positive changes that happened as a result of being a cancer survivor (but who needs that kind of shit to be strong, I could be strong with out it).Well that first Thursday night after I got the call around 8 pm requesting permission to put Adrian on the breathing tube, I felt an enormous relief (which is a treasured feeling when the world is spinning out of control).I mean the poor guy couldn’t breathe and was so uncomfortable; anything to sedate him, I knew would make him happy, even if it would hurt and make it harder to swallow later.I also took solace in the fact that he had survived life support 5 years ago; I told myself “he can easily survive this hurdle again.”I innocently believed recovering from the breathing tube was something he had conquered once and could do again. Especially since he just lived through the extra 5 really good years after battling cancer and he had a fantastic relationship with Rebecca, how could he not have the ability to fight back?Didn’t all the love we shared give him additional strength to do the impossible a second time?Little did I know that his body had fought longer than most humans could have, he was really at the end, and his body was completely used up.Friday moved along slowly with Adrian sedated on the breathing tube and I felt gratefully calm, as though there was a chance to recover, to breathe and rest.Over the weekend Adrian showed some steady improvement while he remained thankfully under a golden haze of powerful drugs. On Monday as they tried waking him up from the heavy medications (in order to get the breathing tube out), they encountered problems.He skidded downhill quickly with sweaty high fevers and increasingly toxic blood.Tuesday was our 14th anniversary (even then I felt grateful to be reminded of that special day and our love so true), and Adrian slowly woke from sedation in horrible pain and confusion.It was so unfair to him (and honestly me too), I can now stomp my feet on the ground like an angry 6-year-old.Remembering talking to Adrian, letting him hear my voice and calm him, but it seemed so futile, though my voice did steady the beeping monitor somewhat.Adrian was so highly agitated it was stomach-churning scary; I kept gripping my sides as though I could squeeze away the fear (and assure myself of this awful reality).Yet he showed me his true strength then, and I learned from him too as I had through all of our 14 married years together.Thankfully Tuesday night the doctors agreed to put him back on “long term” sedation, and at the same time he slipped into a coma.Again I felt relief wash over me at the thought of Adrian’s body being peaceful again.How could you not separate from your body, when it was so flaking? The coma, the only state Adrian could be in from that point forward, (his state of suspended relief) I could sense a greater peace about him.This peace and feeling of love settled over his body, the energy so apparent upon entering the room.He had given up on the most worthwhile fight of his life, and I believe he felt complete and peaceful for living a good life.That energy I could feel from my home and upon entering his room.And through the last tumultuous days I somehow stayed glued together, for Rebecca, to cope with the massive amount of information, to drive the 20 miles across the bridge to and from the hospital.What if I had fallen apart and cried, hysterically like I probably needed to?Then I would’ve missed so much about the care being given to Adrian but also I don’t think I would’ve heard what was in my heart.Well somehow, though I did not think it possible, I found strength when I needed it most.I mean who would have imagined me 20 years ago handling something like this with dare I say grace or dignity?(I don't know about that?)But somehow I stayed calm.On the other side of the pendulum my eternal question has become: “How much did Adrian hear while in his coma?”Since sound is the last sense to go, in my heart I believe (and hope more than anything) at some level Adrian heard me say how much I love him.I do believe his spirit was present too giving us strength as he crossed over (just an unbearable situation). “Yes” some far more certain part of me shouts, “his spirit is still here with us”.And somehow his spirit communicated the “I need to be free” feeling that was so powerful upon entering his room.And it was that final Thursday I dramatically realized Adrian’s body would not make it, that this wasn’t an ordinary hospital visit.After talking to Dr Lewis, and then the nurses, I realized that the newly diagnosed level of cancer(T-cell Lymphoma) added an even greater complexity to an already enormous burden.Despite the peaceful feeling in Adrian’s room, it slowly started dawning on me as I drove to the fitness center, worked out, and had a mini-meltdown in the parking lot (I started crying when someone pulled close to my car).It dawned on me that we had to be realistic; there was no way on this earth, no miracle that would allow Adrian to survive this trauma to his body again (strong as I believe his spirit).He was going to die very soon, I wrote in one of the last email updates, which prompted Martyn’s (Adrian’s brother) 6,000-mile flight to Seattle.Most importantly I needed to find a way to make this easier for 6-year-old Rebecca.Her and daddy were ever so close and had so much fun together.I talked as much as she would listen about Daddy’s spirit being strong, but his body giving out.She absorbed a lot really, kids are so intuitive, and my favorite comment became “so that means Daddy’s Spirit is on the school bus and at school with me?”By his final Friday, Adrian’s body had completely crashed; overridden with cancer, he couldn’t tolerate dialysis (which can be pretty rough—all your blood essentially flowing out, through a machine and back in can do a number even on healthy people).His body went into heart aneurysms when they tried to do anything to ‘help’ him.There was a ‘do not resuscitate’ order, his doctors agreed that if his heart went, then the strongest part of his body had finally given out, it was time to let him go.Friday night Dad and Nancy drove me to the hospital.A second visit seemed like another chance to say my final private goodbyes.The situation was so confusing; we thought he would die early that evening, then that night, then over the weekend, but he hung on. That Friday night at the hospital, I didn’t know if I should stay or go.In hindsight it is one of the only times I wish I had stayed (I don’t wish for much these days, that’s a survival sort of thing).At that exhausting and confusing time, I felt as though Adrian’s spirit had already separated from his body, and there was nothing I could do for his body by staying there, and after 30 some odd minutes of changing point of views, I decided it was best to leave (oh but part of me says why didn’t I stay there with your body, it was your body after all, and hold your hand, and listen to music with you, it was your body, just full of tubes and wires). Somehow I needed to be strong and stay together during this uncertain period.Martyn was arriving Saturday night (making the situation all to real) leaving his home Friday morning.He traveled 6,000 miles from Guernsey to be there by Adrian’s side. Martyn didn’t know what happened on Friday and how close to the end it was for Adrian, and I worried, actually I was one big knot.I threw myself into therapeutically cleaning our house for a visitor (hadn’t been cleaned for over a month, before we left for Guernsey, a lifetime ago) and stepped away from the email updates.Where once they were so helpful, at the end of Adrian’s life I had to be quiet and turn inward.Well Adrian stayed alive for another sunrise, he knew really, always had an excellent sense of timing.Sunday was the most emotional of all the hospital days.How do I begin to convey the sense of solemn enormity?We had a “family meeting” at noon planned with Dr Lewis (the oncologist was supposed to be there but the cancer was so far gone he didn’t show up).In a solace room, with myself, Martyn, Sandi and Jeff there too thankfully.The lights were low, the atmosphere thick with troubled and heavy hearts.Determined to stay calm (maybe it was the book, Wrong Rooms, I’d just finished about someone who hysterically fell apart as soon as their loved one died?I just could not let myself become a blathering fool, as I never would have stopped crying, but it was a natural sort of thing too).My total focus was staying calm.The doctors told Martyn that Adrian’s body had given out; a T-cell lymphatic cancer so severe over rode his system, it would be an injustice to even biopsy; there was no treatment, he was very close to death.The fact that he couldn’t breathe, his organs didn’t work, his highly toxic blood was killing him, made keeping him alive inhumane.What did Martyn want to do?But Martyn had seen Adrian fight from the brink before and he had more unrealistic hope.Really the question was posed to me, I “knew Adrian best, what would he want, what did he want?” All eyes were turned to me, what did I say?Gulp.Well I knew the answer; Adrian did not want to live like a vegetable, which was one of those deep things we thankfully talked about over the years.I believed he wanted us to continue on without him.I knew he didn’t want to fight a cancer battle, with protracted time in the hospital and being sick.He wanted quality of life, which we blissfully had for five years after his last cancer recovery.He didn’t want to fight a battle that there was no chance of winning.Better to have us all remember him as healthy and with us, rather than remember the last years as hospitals and sickness.He had even recently pleaded, one night before the hospital experience started, after he had thrown up for the umpteenth time “please let me die” and he repeated this phrase.At the time I thought he was being dramatic (he’d been through a lot over the years and never made that claim before), but no, this was his last wish.I knew in my heart there was no way for his body to continue (though part of me desperately wanted a miracle turn around such as five years ago).Yet I also knew Martyn was in shock, day seemed like night, he had traveled an exhausting rate.I looked in Martyn’s eyes, and with as much kindness as I could muster, asked what he wanted to do with Adrian.Everyone kept steering the question back to me, “it’s what you want Kathy, you know what Adrian would want”.And because Adrian was such a pleasant and tolerant man, I knew we needed to give Martyn time, and give Adrian’s dying body one more try, hopeless as that seemed.I authorized a ‘gentle’ dialysis run with a ‘do not resuscitate’ order (maybe his body would tolerate the needles, the shock, maybe his blood could get clean and maybe pigs could fly?).I mean getting Adrian set up for a dialysis run seemed stupidity and cruelty at its finest.That last Sunday, the thought of needlessly prolonging Adrian’s pain tore me up, very simply.I was devastated, I felt horrified that I’d betrayed him.I felt like we’d kept him alive beyond what was humane and far beyond anything he would want.The thought of him lying wasted in the hospital room, totally connected to tubes, being kept alive by machines, just ripped me apart.I was the most agitated I’d been in years, totally torn up.The recent miracle five years evaporated like water in a desert. “Come up to meet you, tell you I’m sorry, you don’t know how lovely you are” is playing now, and I’m there on that Sunday.The small hospital room (with ugly cream walls and a tiny window facing another complex; no amount of pictures and cards could warm the room) that housed Adrian’s body, so close to death, you could feel it from the hallway.In the corridor, I sought out Dr Lewis and frantically told him “I will not be there when it’s time to pull the breathing tube.I want nothing more to do with this.It’s just so horrible, and how can Adrian continue like this?We are being so cruel to put Adrian’s body through another dialysis run when it won’t even do him any good.Adrian’s suffering so and I don’t want him too and I won’t be there when he dies!” To Dr Lewis’s credit he stayed calm, listened, and patiently told me what it would be like when we pulled Adrian’s breathing tube and let him die.He talked to me calmly and in a comforting fashion.There was to be a great deal of uncertainty, he emphasized we didn’t know ‘how’ things would happen or the ‘timing’.Hospital time felt like a week for every minute and I felt as though time was moving in slow motion, with the minutes stretching through eternity.Every minute seemed like interminable long days, time stood still, frozen.I felt like I occupied some surreal place and time, where minutes stretched and filled with internal elongated horrible sobs. “Come on in, I’ve got to tell you what a state I’m in”and that’s what Adrian was trying to tell Martyn that long intense Sunday before Adrian died.It’s what I’d heard Adrian saying to me over the last weeks at home and even on our trip to Guernsey.It’s what I hear day after day as I listen to Adrian on this CD, talking to me through the music of Coldplay.Sunday evening Martyn and I talked for hours as though we had some control about when Adrian would die, and what would be most humane treatment for someone you love who is already as good as dead.We talked about what Adrian would want; I really think I had to convince Martyn of the right path, because Martyn had seen Adrian recover before.But sadly Martyn had not been with us 5 years ago when Adrian learned to walk again and had to battle the ravaging effects of chemo on a body that already had 2 transplanted organs.It was a tough battle, one that in my heart I knew Adrian did once, and that was enough.We talked about things I hope you never have to discuss.To make these decisions when it’s nature that has to flow its course is beyond ridiculous.Yet somehow I found the strength to plow through the tidal waves of painful emotions.I went to bed that Sunday so purely upset, feeling like someone was continually punching my gut.The hours before Adrian’s death were such an awful and chilling time.I awoke Monday morning with my period and some renewed inner strength. How was this possible given the intense situation?Could period onset be this dramatic (never such a swift change from PMS to calm)?By some means I felt the combination of Adrian’s and my spirit making me feel strong and capable.Yes my hormones felt evened out, I felt level and able to deal with the death of my most beloved husband (though who is really ever able to deal with that day, what a sad joke!).Yet as I woke, I clearly heard Adrian saying“Kathy, set me free, I need you to set me free, I’m almost free of this body, I’ll be able to soar, and I’ll always be with you.”And from somewhere, I have no idea where, I got strength to get up with my 6 am alarm that last day, shower (do all those things we take for granted that seemed a surreal effort) and speak out loud to the doctor my decision to“remove Adrian’s breathing tube, remove him from life support” .Intensely focused on calmly saying goodbye, that took an unbelievable amount of energy.Very narrowly focused like a racehorse about to run her most important event.If I allowed myself to wander, my thoughts would start“it’s only 2 weeks since he entered the hospital and before our life seemed normal, not like it would end so quickly”. Too terrifying to go there.That mild Monday we arrived at the hospital around 11 am with such heavy hearts and a sense of the surreal.The newly rotated doctor (who I didn’t have an easy familiarity with or any respect yet) walked us through “the procedure” again.Very kind and gentle.Lots of morphine.They could not say how long Adrian would survive (hours or doubtfully days).We left the room while the specialist took out Adrian’s breathing tube.Time stopped (how could life be moving in the hallway when my love was on his death bed?) and I stood there uncontrollably shaking. I observed and tried to write in my notebook (I needed to ‘document’ the moment, I needed to ‘survive’ the moment and writing helped me somehow cope).We got the word to come back into Adrian’s room.I felt those stomach punches going insistently.The nurse gave Adrian another morphine shot, and took the rest of his IV’s out.It was the first time in 2 weeks (what seemed like 2 years in slow motion hospital time) that I’d seen Adrian without tubes in his body.This was finally the Adrian I knew and loved, well the body of the man I loved, with his spirit hovering.And he peacefully slept.He snored, I held his hand, the music played, time stopped, I stroked his head, I told him how much I loved him.The moments were intimately poignant.Martyn was saying something I didn’t feel right about, “you’ll be ok” but it didn’t matter as long as I could hold Adrian’s hand and tell him I loved him.When Martyn left the room to give us time, you could literally feel the bliss of our wonderful lives together.And what I felt most strongly was the love, the love that we shared, and the love that could never die (I never knew love doesn’t die, that’s something else I’ve learned).From 11:30 am when I stopped writing to 12:30 pm, I held Adrian’s hand, stroked his head, and told him how much I loved him. That hour in the hospital was equivalent to a year in real life.I didn’t break down, I didn’t scream “please don’t leave me, I can’t live without you”.And do you know what, I didn’t consciously think of ‘not crying’ or ‘not getting hysterical’.I suppose I could’ve screamed and gotten frantic, but I didn’t (which was out of character if I’m to be honest).In retrospect I went in there with all I had, to be present in the moment, and ‘loosing it’ would’ve distracted me from being with Adrian.And in looking back I’m so grateful that I didn’t fall apart, and I’ve the feeling that Adrian is eternally thankful too.I repeated to Adrian, “I love you, I’ll always love you”.I felt his peacefulness; I can still feel that peace about him months later.Despite our bleak surroundings, I felt like all the mornings we had lain together, the mornings I had woken in his comforting arms, the many mornings we had intimately talked.It felt like he was just sleeping (sans the beard that was shaved to make the vent easier) and we would be together for eternity (oh that comfortable good feeling I used to experience daily).In reality his body had been letting go, but surprisingly I felt our souls would be together forever, I could feel that clear as day.His last breaths were so peaceful; I could honestly sense his quiet loving spirit filling the room.The part of me that thankfully surfaced days later, yelled “don’t go, Adrian I love you, please don’t go, I can’t live with out you!”And by the time he took his last breath on earth in this life, we knew.His heart rate had slowed to almost nothing, then gradually stopped.I kissed Adrian’s lips one last time, then Martyn came to my side of the bed and we hugged and shed more tears. My beloved husband had been such a pillar of strength, despite a body that repeatedly gave out, and such a remarkable man.Once Adrian died, I did not want to be in the room anymore.Lying there in the bed wasn’t the Adrian I knew, though it was his body (I’ve since learned of people who could not leave the room and their loved one’s body).But his body was without life, without the essence of Adrian.Adrian’s spirit though embraced us and moved us gently out the door. I still needed to leave 7th floor CCU, but the business of disposing of a body takes effort and work and people.As we stood in the hallway waiting to sign papers, why didn’t I go back in the room to hug Adrian’s body one more time?One of my many unanswered questions.The rest of the day was surreal, making phone calls, telling Rebecca (a whole other full story).I loved Adrian so much, and this too I learned: Love keeps growing, despite the death of a body.And there is comfort in this.And simply I could feel Adrian’s Spirit finally free from his body, and his spirit was free to live on and be in our hearts and memories, forever.If you listen to your heart, you might feel the spirits that are guiding you too.We all have them with us.If you are fortunate, one especially strong spirit is the love of your life, as mine is.My husband Adrian was such a remarkable man, my light and my love and my inspiration.I remain the luckiest woman alive to have been there and shared the last full 16 years of his life.And I suppose in the process of one of the worst experiences of my life, it was all part of the plan.Everything that happened makes sense and fits.I even managed to develop some respect for myself for surviving in a calm and dignified manner (believe me, I never thought that possible).And now I realize death is only the end of a life, not the end of a connection.The spirit of our loved ones is here forever.Listen and you can hear and see the signs.To end with a laugh, as Adrian would want, hmmmm, that’s for you Adrian my love (I finally get to be as corny as I want, and don’t need to wash the bathroom rugs as much).Life can be good again but I’ll always have a huge hole in my heart for you.But you gave me so many gifts, our love keeps growing.The gifts, remember and think of the memories.Thanks so much for letting me share, helpful beyond belief. Thanks for reading.Any feedback would help me in my healing.What did you feel after reading this? Love and hugs to all, Kathy 
his is 'Our Cancer Story' blog.It mostly happened 5 years ago and starts in Sept '98.This blog includes my daily email updates in 1998 from when my beloved husband (Adrian, died Sept 15th, 2003) went through cancer, and really recovered!I wrote the emails to connect with friends at the end of crazy and difficult hospital days (10 weeks worth) that made no sense.I wrote so I wouldnt feel so alone and terrified.As I wrote and got feedback I'd feel better (which was an amazing thing in the midst of cancer terror).Now I want to share our story to help others.Actually my husband Adrian inspired me to compile these, so he wants 'us' to share this with you.I've decided to do this with a blog, though my original intent was to publish a book.Now that I'm dealing with grief, all my actions are slowed.But I want 'our story' to help others.Adrian wanted his story to help others too, if it could (we were both to modest to think it really could).As brave as Adrian was, it all happened so fast.What's most important?To appreciate your time with your loved ones.This is dedicated to my beloved husband, Adrian (49 years old, a British engineer living 6,000 miles from home in the Channel Islands, pleasantly married for 14 years, battle against juvenile diabetes for 30 years, transplant and cancer survivor), who was my love, light and inspiration.Thankfully his spirit of strength, courage and love are still here with us, despite his crossing over.If you are taking the time out of your busy life to read this, thank you!Please tell me what you think.Does our story help other people?Let me know what you think, please.Also go ahead and pass this along.Thanks Kathy G 
n this Memorial Day I feel that Adrian died in a battle like the soldiers we’re honoring.Adrian’s battle against his body was one in which he fought hard, was brave beyond belief and he won for a short time.He survived cancer for an extra 5 years, I’m so grateful for that!Nice 3-day weekend here in rainy Seattle (that meant no yard work for me--good, and throwing balls in the mud to Harry--bad).Not many dreams of Adrian, but Rebecca and I have actually had fun together!So in that respect he's with us.Saturday she got to have her friend Holly for a sleepover. We built the tent Adrian got last year (frustratingly hard to put together, but I couldn't get too mad, because the tent was a gift from Adrian).Rebecca also got to eat her favorite Sunday dinner: Tuna Noodle Casserole (blech) that she made herself!She was a happy camper.And she stayed up late like“daddy used to”.At our neighborhood garage sale this weekend (lots of memories from the hard work and togetherness of the past). Rebecca found a $4 pokemon cartridge and she’s delighted (phew).Going today to buy some lego’s: “hard, age 8+ over 500 pieces.”She’s been itching to build something.Adrian was right after all: the way to her heart is toys and food (bah wah).I’m thinking a lot of “5 years ago at this time we were in Hawaii, on our favorite island: Kauai, in our favorite elegant splurge hotel The Princeville".A wonderful trip to celebrate Adrian recovering from cancer though he had just finished chemo, barely walking with a cane and weighing in at 50 pounds less than at his death”.Really good memories though.Thank you for reading.I’m surviving somehow!What do you think? Kathy G 
k no Adrian dreams last night (Thursday) but somewhat calmer today (thankfully).It's mostly related to the good news that Rebecca doesn't have to do homework (for the next 3 weeks anyways) at home!That's a huge relief to me, and really takes some self-imposed weights off my shoulders!Had a talk with Rebecca's 2nd grade teacher (he is great, wow are we lucky!)She is doing well today, and can do her homework at school (oh did I mention that's a huge relief).Clearly if I'm happy and fun with her, she does better.So I have to be less like my natural self (i.e less mean, less strict, more light hearted-- wait that's Adrian)!Mr Logozzo also said it's good that Rebecca is finally expressing that she is angry with daddy for leaving her.Well I'm just so broken hearted that she even has to go through these grief and loss feelings.I'm going to try to be grateful that Adrian was a 5 year cancer survivor, we had 5 whole years.At least Rebecca had such good time with him over that time, right? Thanks, Kathy
ust in, email from MoveOn.org.It's about time that somebody with influence (Gore) said this in a recent speech:"The unpleasant truth is that President Bush's utter incompetence has made the world a far more dangerous place and dramatically increased the threat of terrorism against the United States."I totally agree.I always think of Adrian when I read true anti-Bush statements.I miss our heated conversations about Bush being such a dork.My strong opinion, we didn't need to go to war in Iraq!Esp a war that the US President started!Possibly the worst president in history, who's done horrible damage globally.If Kerry doesn't win, I'm moving!Kathy
he only dream I had of Adrian last night was about him being mad at me!He left me a cell message that I was too mean and he was leaving.Then his car was stolen, gone and I had no way home.So I awoke devistated that it's been 8 months and he's still gone.My 7 year old daughter is making me nuts.For spelling homework she didn't want to write the words.Last night it took me 15 minutes to convince her to practice writing the words and she could’ve been done in the time she fought me!Then her school project is doing butterfly research on-line (she loves butterflies).But she thinks 'writing facts is stupid’ and she doesn’t like using the computer (which must be related to missing Daddy, she spent much time with him at our computer, I think it makes her too sad).Last night Rebecca threw things and was mean to the dog.I want my beloved husband back.Our miracle 5 years as a cancer survivor have disappeared like a dream.I'm frustrated today. Thanks for reading.Kathy
his is my first blog entry.Very exciting.Dreaming is my key to survival these last 8 months, but this morning I came up empty.I've been dreaming that my husband (passed away September 15, 2003; a month to the date before he turned 50) is alive with us still.Our 7-year-old daughter is certain Adrian's spirit is here, thankfully.At various times I feel his presence but others I come up empty and sad and mad that he's gone.Every long day without him, I work hard to connect with his spirit and the good memories.I can only hope I see the signs he sends me that his spirit is here, because the hole he's left is huge.So how did he die?Condensing that to one paragraph sucks, because it is such a heart-wrenching story of love, courage and strength.This year I would like to get moving on the book.Adrian was a 5-year NHL cancer (non-Hodgkin's lymphoma) survivor; we all were, as the whole family went through the battle together.He had a rough battle, on life support and almost died, but he fought back, learned to walk and live again. We had 5 really good years, I'm incredibly grateful for those.But due to happy neglect we missed recent signs of cancer (a rare T-cell lymphoma) because he was waiting for a 2nd kidney transplant (his first, 12 years prior had been a combined kidney pancreas due to Juvenile diabetes).Thankfully Adrian went quickly on this final hospital visit.His body had fought so hard, and far longer than most, before it gave out.He had gained all of my respect and love during our short 16 years together.Now I still feel grateful for what we had, the subtle love everywhere.Our 7-year-old daughter is our miracle, both through conception and as a living memory of Adrian. Much more to say, I rarely write short, this will be a first.More later?Thanks for listening. 
 like this blog link b/c it is so anti-bush.Adrian would like this too.I can't stand our country, I'm so disgusted with a president who wasn't even popularly elected.Hey isn't that called a dictatorship!? urlLink Weblog 
 brief moment at the computer.It feels too weird to look forward to things happening this summer (after all where is Adrian?).Ok he died last September (how could I forget, memories of him consume my every waking and sleeping moment), so how can I actually be looking forward to anything?But I am!I’m really looking forward to the eventful summer ahead (those feelings seem surprising).This excitment feels good yet totally weird because Adrian is not here (after 15 married years together I don't always understand why he's not here).Well his spirit is here, but that’s just so different and again ‘weird’ is the word that fits best (for the moment).I’m finding life so very strange (hey I thought of another fitting word) without Adrian.Again I know he is here, I know we're connected still, but in such a different way.I’m actually getting used to doing stuff without him, and finding that I’m having fun (I’d give anything to have him back, but I can’t so onward, sort of).I’m looking forward to all of summer (already enjoyable and in process), even though it all seems so emotional. I'm looking forward to :* Rebecca’s laughing friends filling the house,* my niece visiting us (but it will be so emotional) today from Columbus * my moms short visit (to bring Heather and Rebecca back to Cleveland) * 2 weeks without parent responsibilities while Rebecca is with my mom * flying to Guernsey (a whole month, what a gift) to be with Sue and Adrian’s family and the beaches) * meeting Tina’s family in Gsey.All very nice, but how can it be that Adrian is not here?(I still don’t always ‘get’ that!)I've some cleaning to do before Heather arrives, I’m behind on lots of stuff in trying to spend time with Rebecca.Be well all, I’m doing ok, really, I am, I am, it’s true (???).Sort of like I’m balancing on a tightrope 100 feet above ground!But I’m walking slow, balancing, surviving...Thanks for the support, Love, Kathy 
 went to sleep feeling awful (grief awful is awful magnified 1000 times) and awoke this fine morning feeling really good.Some vague dreams of Adrian must have helped.Time changes everything when walking our grief journey, though the feelings of loss will always be huge.This morning my weight is down too, which makes me so pleased!Adrian was glad too when I lost weight in 2003 (though he never complained when I was over weight, he accepted me no matter what!).Weight loss is a great way to spice up a marriage.I feel peaceful that we had extra closeness Adrian’s last 4 months.I also awoke feeling peaceful about the way Adrian died.I feel peaceful that it was his time and that he lived his life to the fullest.I feel peaceful that I got to be married to him and that we had a miracle child together.On this rough grief journey peaceful days are treasured gifts.Adrian loved to give gifts.I feel his loving presence guiding me.I wonder how long this will last?!KathyOh and PS, this from the Seattle PI today “…Michael Moore has said he wants his latest movie manifesto, "Fahrenheit 9/11," to unseat the president...”Nowthat would really make my day .I can’t wait to see the movie, but I might have to wait for it on Netflix, because it’s not something I’ll take Rebecca to see.She certainly knows our views though. 
he overwhelming sad feelings are back today, but no surprise really, all part of the grief journey.I dreamed of Adrian too (in some odd setting) he talked to me!Told me even though he couldn’t kiss me any more, he was right here with me.Comforting yes.Lots of calls to make today.I’ll do it slowly, but first share a great Rebecca comment from last Saturday.On our way to the carnival she said, "when you find a penny do you feel daddy's love coursing through you?"!!!! Too sweet.Take care, Kathy 
 couldn't resist this article.Good perspective.Just click, from Seattle PI. Be well urlLink We don't need Bush to fix our culture 
hort blog today, still happy the clouds are out (and not the sun, enough already!), and happy that I played with Harry early this morning (got throwing the ball 100 times out of the way at 8 am).I’m really a morning person at heart, I just love getting things done when the day is fresh and new.Unlike Adrian (and now Rebecca) who preferred to stay up late.Naturally my scheduled time to get our sunroom windows cleaned is the end of a 10-day sunny streak!I got on my case (usually Adrian would be on mine, though he would say I was on his :-) in May for not looking up the number and picking up the phone.But hey I’m thrilled to have accomplished something in the first place.Even if the dog barked for almost 2 solid hours (enough to put me in the loony bin).Everything I do without Adrian is traumatic; maybe someday in the next couple of years I will be able to function again?! That’s a dream of mine now, a new dream.We all have to make up new hopes for the future because our current ones are shattered (but those ramblings would be getting side tracked).Now that I finally bit the bullet and had the gutters and windows cleaned it looks like rain!I’m too cold to even sit in the sunroom right now though it looks terrific all cleaned.Don’t get me wrong, I’d much rather have cooler mild temps of 60-70’s vs. the high 80’s of the last few weeks (ugh, it's been too wierd without Adrian).Well at least I can sit in the sunroom (which is where I find Adrian’s spirit so clearly as we built that room late 1999 to early 2000, after he recovered from cancer) now and imagine Adrian proud of me for getting something done.The cleaned windows make me feel good, especially with our neighbor’s bamboo trees growing so fully.Speaking of bamboo, my book reading has slowed down dramatically, ever since I couldn’t stand readingAnna Karenina(early June).Now 2 books later I’m reading a David Baldacci novel called urlLink Amazon.com: Books: The Winner. It’s fast paced like I need, but I keep wanting to turn my thoughts to Adrian memories.I’ve read over 50 books these last 6 months, it’s been a great escape up until now.I suppose there is no reason to slow down my reading, except then I do think more of Adrian (maybe that's what I 'need' to do now?).I’ve been trying to find the time to add another chapter to urlLink Our Cancer Story blog, and haven’t gotten too it.Oh well (my 'to do' list is long).I have wanted to share about the one Grief book (out of 8 maybe) I've read on this journey that’s really moved me deeply.I keep this book in my bedside nightstand.It’s by Elizabeth Levang calledurlLink Amazon.com: Books: Remembering With Love: Messages of Hope for the First Year of Grieving and Beyond This book is my 5 star highly recommend for anyone dealing with Grief.Each page has a title, a quote, a few sentences on the topic and then a message at the end of each page.It’s written in nice easy to read pages, which is essential when you're grieving and not functioning.I’ve post-it noted a few pages, and I turned to this one today (really says where I’m at) aboutExpressing Grief : “ I will allow the feelings of grief to come from within me.This inner healing will not be painless.By expressing it, I will be sharing my love and pain with the hope that the future will be better. ”With that said, enough for today!Rebecca wants me to watch the movie “Lion King 1-1/2” with her.Her laughter alone is enough to put me in good spirits (though sitting for more than 15 minutes is tough, even before Adrian died).Thanks for letting me share my grief journey with you.Hopefully some of these links work.And thanks for helping me towards healing (though never forgetting the love) by sharing and feedback that I'm ok.Ha?! Kathy 
’m doing well again today (an odd feeling lately), strange how feeling better works.Also very thankful for everything (weather, home, vacation, Rebecca, Adrian, everything really).Amazing what cooler temperatures and no school or job needed, will do for one’s outlook!!I’m thankful beyond belief to Adrian for providing so well for Rebecca and I.Thanks to him I don’t have to work until I’m ready (we've paid off our mortgage, saved for R's education and I'm good at budgeting).Being allowed to grieve in my own 'slow' (doesn't come easy) time, is such a gift from Adrian.Finally accomplished something today (doubly difficult while grieving) that’s sort of been hanging over my head.I took Rebecca with me to Redmond to get the emissions test on Adrian's car! It felt like a 150 mile drive rather than 15 miles (but at least I've the good memory of our Aug-02 3000 driving trip down and up the west coast)!Back to the emissions test, the last time I drove there (Spring 2002), my life seemed normal and good (naturally I didn't realize how good).Driving through 45 minutes of road construction was harder than the 2-minute test itself.Yet I felt Adrian there with us, maybe because while Rebecca played quietely in back with her gameboy, I sat in traffic (something that usually makes me nuts) and stayed calm (staying calm is always a pleasurable surprise). On the way home Rebecca and I went to a park that we used to go to with Adrian: Ferrel McQuirter (or was that our joke name for it?) in Redmond.Walking through the park, Rebecca did that wonderful 7 year old hop-skip step and seemed so happy (that terrific way kids have of grieving where they can put their troubles behind them so easily).She was thrilled seeing a big sow and 6 baby pigs, sheep, lambs, rabbits and ponies.Plus we took a hike that reminded me so much of Adrian: the sun shining through the tall forest evergreens and ferns.Just lovely.A day where I could feel good about being alive; a real treat when going along this rough grief journey.After dinner Rebecca and I stayed healthy by taking Harry for a walk (again Adrian was with us, as we always meant to walk in the summer but never got to it).Then her new “Monster Rocket” replacement parts were put to the test. We had great fun in front of the house, neighbors included, watching the kids pump to launch this 7 ft balloon rocket.It literally went up 100+ feet in the air (Target sale purchase for only $23.77, of which Rebecca used $20 from her hard earned allowance to make sure she could get it).So much excitement was created from this launched rocket; simple science at it’s finest.The kids were jumping up and down and screaming, they were so excited.Rebecca said"it was better than the commerical!". Adrian was there with us launching the rocket (kind of spooky).First, unusual that I noticed the rocket in the Target circular.Then Rebecca wanted it more than anything, because Daddy would’ve loved playing this with her (he did help inspire in her a love of science).A funny aside: her science folder for school was labled phonetically a “2004 sins folder”.Then the kids put so much effort to get this rocket launched (it often didn't work on the first or second trys).Politics vent for the day, my (and Adrian’s) sentiments with a laugh.From the PI Letters to the Editor of June 23rd (24 years to the day that I started full-time work right after college in downtown Atlanta):“….If you listen carefully to the Bush administration's official reason for going to war with Saddam's Iraq, you'll hear this: Our objective was clear, we went there to liberate the Iraqi people from a despot.This easily can be interpreted in another, more ambiguous way: Objective, Iraqi Liberation. The administration's unofficial mission acronym: OIL.” Wade Boyd, MarysvilleThat’s the truth all along, OIL, and if they had just come out and said that.Well hopefully with all these lies the administration will be burying themselves, but I don't know, the bushies have raised so much money it's disgusting (oh that's another vent another time).Must be off to make sure darling Rebecca gets showered, which wow she just did and “scared me 200 feet” by not jumping up behind me (like she did about 10 times) but by turning on the shower herself).What a kid, I only wanted to strangle her one time today :-)!I love this life of leisure, though it’s really not leisure.There’s lots of hard work and love every day.Tomorrow I get up early as I finally got window washing and gutter cleaning scheduled (naturally that means the 8 days of sunshine is over and rain in the forecast).Oh well, I’m feeling so thankful for the time with Adrian.Be well and appreciate.Kathy 
n a reserved sort of way today I’ve actually felt happy (and healthy too). That’s such a good feeling.My weight is down and it’s summer; what more could I ask?Except for Adrian back!I’ve felt his spirit here today helping me enjoy this nice first day of summer vacation.I do believe loved ones who’ve passed are with us. I truly think if you look and listen you can see the signs too (a bird, a song, a person, a breeze…).The signs are everywhere, in those things and people you love.I believe now, after 9 months on this grief journey that it's the bonds of love that keep us connected, and I feel that all through my home.In every room there are memories, pictures, and candles (which BTW on sale at Target this week for $5). The jar kind are my favorite, and the colors are excellent.I don't like stores but Target does a such a good job.Yesterday Rebecca and I stocked up!.Now key is feeling Adrian’s spirit when we’re 6,000 miles from our home (but I’m trying hard to stay in the present and that’s a month away).Plus when we're in Guernsey, that's the island Adrian grew up on, there will be meaning everywhere.And the scenery (and family) are so spectacular, it will be a great trip (but then again grief can knock you to the ground so quickly and surpisingly).I finally got some good photos developed of Adrian and Rebecca(in our computer of the last 4 years).Some I enlarged to 5x7 and put in the sunroom.It’s made me so happy and connected to Adrian.My favorite new picture is a close up of Rebecca and Adrian sitting on a jet ski rental boat in Lake Chelan in Sept 2000 (Rebecca was 4 then). Adrian's brother was visiting, and we had such a fun trip!! Lots of good memories, bad too though, don't get me wrong, it wasn't like we were always happy (I remember getting mad at Adrian for maybe walking slow or something irrelevant now).I highly recommend pictures to help on the grief journey, they can tell full stories.I feel so fortunate to have some, because at key times in our life our cameras didn't work (like when Rebecca was born!!!) I often feel our family 8x10 photo I've printed and framed (of us on Mont St Michel in France in 2001) which is in the sunroom is Adrian talking to me.Very comforting.Oh and many of Adrian’s belongings have so much meaning.Sometimes I just hold on to his ring, wallet, or watch.Adrian's wedding ring story is good for another time, but thankfully I've got it on a necklace now.Also Adrian's watch is in my bathroom and it's him talking to me letting me know he’s still here.Ok for politics today, I’ve copied the end of this article by Helen Thomas (a columnist for Hearst Newspapers) who says it so well: “One has to wonder what it takes for Americans to demand an accounting from the president when faced with the fact that they were deluded into going to war….” Yes thank you! I’m not totally tuned in to the news since Adrian died, but I do get snippets of things.I don’t understand why so many seem accepting of bush policies.If Clinton had done the same, the right wing would have hung him by now.Just wanted to share some thoughts, too tired to write the cute Rebecca stuff from today.She’s a sweetie and keeps me going.Feeling good, what a change.Thanks for listening.What do you think?Kathy 
chool’s out for summer (remember that song from the 70's?), yes!!!! Adrian never liked a lot of exclamation points in my writing, but right now I’m saying “tough”.Usually I try to honor his memories such as I'm finally growing my hair longer (as he liked it).I’m so happy school is out!!!The routine of getting me up at 6 am (and Rebecca at 7 am) gets a needed break.I’m so grateful to be able to take the summer off with Rebecca, rather than getting up early like I used to when Adrian went off to work (or even the days when I went into work).Actually I’ll only be with Rebecca at home for 2 weeks on both ends.She spends 2 weeks in Cleveland Ohio with Grandma (going to camp) and we together spend 4 weeks to urlLink VisitGuernsey(being with Adrian’s family and going to the beach).Why is it even when you are grieving that the summer seems too short before it even starts?I told Rebecca that I was so happy we'd survived the school year (what with a new school and Daddy's death Sept 15th).She said “ but mom I was the one that did all the work ”.Ha!Well that’s true but I stayed here with her, supported and guided her, and made it a full 9 months without Adrian's physically being here!Many a time I wanted to curl up in bed and not move.I got up every morning and woke her, helped with homework, made sure she didn’t turn into a TV veggie!She did not miss one day of school or miss the bus once!Now isn’t that the most amazing!?Right now she’s downstairs building her graduation gift: Lego’s Harry Potter Train (Harry our dog ate her 5yo set when we first got him, Nov 2002).Such a pleasing accomplishment to have survived a whole 9 months, and this new school year, without Adrian.It seems surreal.If you had talked to me 5 years ago (after cancer recovery), there is no way I would ever have thought I could survive without Adrian.Even now it seems so weird.When I said to Rebecca this was the hardest year she will ever have, she said, “ no fifth grade is really hard !”(Really I ‘know’ this will be her hardest year, and she did it!)We had a good weekend but today Rebecca’s so sad about school ending, I’m just trying to make things fun for her (always a stretch for me).She cried saying bye to her teacher (shyly she told me), he’s been terrific, and we were so fortunate to have him and a male too (that helped Rebecca a lot).He was a sign that Adrian was watching over, as Mr L's the same age as her most loved Daddy (not a concidence).Anyways Saturday afternoon ‘we’ took Rebecca to a carnival at the Kenmore Safeway parking lot, sponsored by the school for cancer. Burning hot (85, but no one here has a/c, at least we could see the mountains) but not too crowded and even not too bad.Right before we left Rebecca found a penny from the year 2003, so she said, “Daddy is right here with us”.She had a blast and that helped me.My downfall came from walking into Safeway for sale cherries and red peppers.We got stuff for Rebecca (chocolate donuts, that was so Adrian!) but I started feeling like I was going to explode from all the people, dodging carts, lines, beeping, time I'd spent from home, traffic, lights, heat, etc.But once again we made it (when you’re grieving each minor accomplishment is big).Sunday I bit the bullet and finally hired one of Rebecca’s favorite sitters to come over and play for 2 hours.They played really rough (so key for Rebecca since I won’t do that anymore—that was daddy’s job) and Rebecca kept hugging Karen when it was time to go.Seeing Rebecca happy is a huge relief!2 hours break at the gym felt so refreshing (as I was leaving Rebecca said “ oh good you’ll be gone two hours, that means two hours of fun !”).Also coloring my outlook for the better, I weighed in down another 2 pounds at 123!The last time I felt like this, days before Adrian died, I was a wreck trying to be calm.Now the calm comes far more often, thankfully (you couldn't live the hospital life forever, thats for sure).Sunday evening my friend Mary Michael came over (her hubby died the same year as Adrian) and we watched “ Something’s Gotta Give ”.Laughed really hard (anyone else like this movie?). Laughter is such great grief therapy, I highly recommend the movie too.My friend just got back from a 2-week trip to China.I really want to go there sometime (I’ve always wanted to) and can’t wait for Rebecca to be old enough to enjoy it (what right before teen or right after?)Need to go play with the kid before she goes out into the neighborhood to get soaked with her friend Spencer; I’m feeling ok. That’s a treat.Enjoy the summer.I know it will go fast. Aaaah summer at last. What do you think?Kathy
’ve survived one of the worst days since Adrian’s death, and I’m happy to say I’m feeling much better today.Thursday was the pits, overwhelming sadness with a migraine and the shock of Adrian being gone hitting me all over again (what's with that?).Actually the day felt like being tossed in the ocean with drowning waves of grief and I had to hold on until time passed and I could fall asleep.But I made it and I’m really thrilled.One step away from overwhelmingly bad days is comforting, in a strange sort of way.So you ask what made Thursday so much worse than all the other day’s I’ve survived without my beloved hubby?Simple, carry over from Wednesday when Rebecca and I went to the dentist.Something as naturally frustrating as no parking spaces (I've never had a parking problem there before, and it made the whole time at the dentist hurt)made me realize what fragile ground I stand on. As a treat after I took Rebecca out to dinner (a fun pizza and pasta place Adrian and I kept meaning to try).At first she didn’t want to since it reminds her too much of daddy (I don’t think we’ve been out to dinner in 9 months since he died, oh once with Grandma Donna for Rebecca’s birthday in October).The word 'pizza' was all I really needed to say and she became eager!Dinner out devastated me (seemed totally weird without Adrian) plus I actually ate pizza and the cheese made me sick (not used to rich food, Adrian loved cheese though, and now we don't stock it at home).The hole without Adrian seemed so wretchedly huge, and dinner out magnified our loss.When we got home Rebecca ate some cookies and I started craving these.She said something that sounded exactly like Adrian “go ahead and just eat one and stop talking about it”.That broke me up (though really Adrian used to say it in a nice joking way and so did Rebecca).For maybe the first time since Adrian died I really felt the need to overeat.Almost to chase away the hole, which was the stupidist thing for me to do.I was scared at how powerful my feelings were to overeat and fill the void.I could've eaten the whole box but I stopped maybe at 8.I had to go upstairs and go to bed; just a horrible out of control feeling.But thankfully passed. I weighed in this morning at 125 and felt so much better (dropped 2 pounds since the pizza and cookies) and actually felt a sliver of happiness.If I develop a weight loss obsession (just joking), maybe I can cope better with the loss of Adrian (I still weigh 10 pounds less than last year and 30 less than 2 years ago).Thursday we had a surprise newspaper delivered to our driveway (also pushed me further into drowning water).Wow something as simple as the newspaper on the driveway reminded me of our life together, albeit in a good way, and how much has changed for me (plain scary).I kept looking for messages from Adrian and this article, which I wouldn’t have found on-line, gave me hope in the future:“A group of 26 retired US diplomats and military officers said yesterday that President Bush should be voted out of office in November for damaging US national security interests and America’s standing in the international community.” Exactly! About time some people of influence spoke out.I'm tempted to move to Guernsey when Rebecca and I visit in mid-July (for a month!) but not really, as she is settled here.Yesterday the sun shining (like a slap in the face) and forcing myself to work out didn’t help me feel ok.Really I could not wait for the day to end, I never had these feelings when Adrian was alive! Rebecca had such a rough time last night too, but woke in far better spirits.She said things like “I wish daddy were the one here and you were gone” and “you’re so bossy” and “reading is so boring” and “I’m so mad at daddy for dying and it’s just too sad to talk about”.I think all this stuff is so important to get out and I'm glad she was able to say it (instead of getting mad and door slamming).She also said “I’m not a baby, so I can’t cry.”Well I put that myth to rest.She was in a great mood this morning though she is naturally sad about school ending (at least she can still see her teacher, but not Daddy--bah wah).I still can't believe it's the end of the school year, but that topic is for another post.I took Harry for an hour walk this morning (well he took me for the walk).We are starting to train him to heel just for walk to the bus stop, almost 1.5 years after we've had him.My walk this morning was nice with the sun shinning (I was ok with sun today, though it just feels so ‘mean’, which shows you how sensitive I am lately).I tried hard to just appreciate being alive (not always good at that, but at least I make the attempt).Key for me, I survived last night (despite some weird lightening storm); all I wanted was for the day to end (as fast as possible).Yes I dreamed about Adrian and that helped (even though it was the scary repetitive dream I have about the ambulance taking Rebecca away from us).One moment at a time and today is mow the lawn and massage day, and Friday thankfully!I can do it???Do you think??? Thanks for listening. 
k in honor of Adrian, and 9 months ago on the 15th, here is the link to urlLink Our Cancer Story blog, the Prologue: Adrian's Final Days. I still have lots of corrections and improvements.It's a work in process, like love really.Wow I've hit a 'corny' day.Ok today I’m also feeling wiped out.Not like I felt wiped out and in shock 9 months ago (the day after Adrian's death) when we went to the funeral home and spent 3 hours (I made fast decisions too) planning Adrian’s service.Martyn and I went to the gym after.If this had happened 20 years ago we would’ve gone to a bar after!Despite dragging I’ve had a surprising morning for getting things done: the usual getting up (a job!), getting Rebecca off to school, throwing the ball 100 times with Harry, weeding the yard, ordering photos (yes from last summer and early fall), setting up sunroom window washing and ordering a replacement part for Rebecca’s new “Monster Rocket”.Wow, now I'm really dragging!I felt Adrian with us last night outside while Rebecca figured how to build this Monster Rocket contraption.Her friend (Holly) and her took 2 hours trying to launch it (pretending they were NASA mission control for jets).They finally got it launched and we lost the f*cking thing into the trees!Late yesterday I read some great Letters to The Editors on-line in the PI, from June 15th, but this blog is too long.I could link, but I haven’t gotten this techno crap fine-tuned.So here's a few that I'd be talking to Adrian about (I still did, saying “yes, it’s about time...”):“Instead of tampering with existing legal tender to display the face of ‘Saint’ Ronald Reagan, defender of the poor and the downtrodden, why not create new money? Let us dedicate to him the $13 bill. It would go well with his voodoo economics.”Zoltan Abraham, RentonAnd also from the 15th:“While it is true that Ray Charles was never president, it is also true that several of the people portrayed on our currency also never served in that office. Charles led us to sing, dance and accept others among us as being our brothers and sisters. He taught us through the example of his own life without the need for sermonizing or lawgiving." "Granted, he never steered this country down the road of crippling debt or helped to erode the separation between church, state and industry, but I really don't think we should hold that against him when considering him for remembrance in our wallets." "Where is it written that those who frequently nudge the sled of civilization toward the incline of the apocalypse get to be memorialized on our money while those who elevate our spirits are considered lucky to get on a postage stamp" Hal Colombo, Seattle And finally I can’t resist, from the 15th:“Whatever one thought of Ronald Reagan, the immediate aftermath of his death should put to rest at least one persistent myth. “…all of the major television networks lavish revisionist praise on the Reagan era, when the major print media minimize possible Reagan era faults and boldly extol potential Reagan virtues, a different kind of truth begins to emerge…”“…His legacy, now in its infancy, will eventually cohere. But we have learned a searing truth after a week of unending …praise.It is simply this: The major media are definitely not liberal.”Don Lee, SeattleIsn’t that the truth.The media is owned by those with deep pockets that finance the current bush administration.The media is so very conservative (I want to throw up!).I get sick reading the news and Newsweek these last 4 years especially. Thanks for letting me vent, comments would help me today (as long as you are nice to me!), Take care, Kathy g 
ou won’t believe this!I awoke to thesamesong that I awoke to 9 months ago (the day Adrian died).This song (by Dido, thats all I know) gives me strength (now and then).The lyric that means most to me is “I’m in love and I always will be”.That totally describes how I feel today and how I felt 9 months ago with the difficult decision to take Adrian off life support.The other lyric that keeps running through my head is “I will not surrender, I will not go down with this ship, I’m in love...” or something like that.That gave me such strength 9 months ago.This morning I’ve been thinking, “I am in love with Adrian and always will be”.So comforting and makes me actually feel good.As awful as I felt yesterday, exactly mirroring 9 months ago, I awoke with this new optimistic feeling.As though there’s relief that I did the right thing by setting Adrian’s spirit free from his body (deep down I do question my decision, though in my heart I know it was right).And I still feel so connected to Adrian, just in a different way than when he lived in his body.He was such a good person, and I feel so fortunate to have shared his life and his love.Today I've defined as Memory Day for Adrian (on my Clie gift from him) we light candles and tell good stories. Most of today I will be remembering what an amazing person Adrian was and how lucky I am to have his love always.Also so fortuneate to have Rebecca (as hard as it was to concieve her) and all that we did as a family.Our love, which can keep me warm even today, gives me such a surprising strength.If you want to read what happened Adrian's final days (it’s long) visit Our Cancer Story blog (under Previous Posts on the left, because I can't get this link to show up).Appreciate your loved ones and that you're alive!That’s my motto today.Thanks. KathyurlLink
reaming of life with Adrian (those were the days).Today I’m forcing myself to live, going through the motion while feeling detached, as though serious tears need to break through.But I made it to the chiropractor, the bank (used the whole condo proceeds to pay down our HE loan), and even the grocery store (which still requires deep breaths because I’m not buying all the food I would when Adrian was alive).I'm trying to appreciate this last week of Rebecca’s being at school.It’s so nice to have privacy and quiet during the day (well except for our dog following me around wherever I go)!As much as I love Rebecca, just having 8.30 to 3.30 without the TV running helps me stayed glued together.That’s my 24/7 job since Adrian died: “staying glued together for Rebecca.”I do know I can survive (frequently I wonder though) without Adrian physically being here; just sometimes I feel like I’m walking through thick molasses.Compounded by the empty space of a Monday and the pending feeling of tomorrow, the 15th, being the 9 month marker of Adrian’s death.It's so weird that we are in the month of June.I can't really understand.That’s my short blog for today.I’m off to the gym (I’ll be ok as long as I don’t see any ‘happy’ people, hah).Thanks.Kathy 
k I've made the leap, I've done it and I feel somehow better.Just click on my new blog and see the start of urlLink Our Cancer Story Again no direct Adrian dreams but I still feel his spirit here with me, thank goodness (otherwise far too empty to even contemplate).I really believe that love lives on strong even when a person's body is gone.For a change here, Rebecca had use of the computer most of the day.I'm glad she's back using it again.Daddy and her sat together a lot and found lots of fun games.It's essentially taken her 9 months to be at the computer again. I'm glad she is because there are so many good Adrian pictures, and it feels warm and comforting here.Do take a look at my new blogurlLink Our Cancer Story.Not sure I'll have time to update as much as I'd like, but it's a start that makes me feel good and keeps Adrian memory more alive.Now if I could get these blogging details worked out (like pictures).I'm really enjoying this mild Seattle weather, with the sun peaking occasionally from out behind the clouds (bright weather is too depressing).I actually had 'fun' tossing the ball 100 times to Harry.I love yard work too, and there is lots of it to do without Adrian physically helping me.Take care all, and appreciate what you have, really it can all go so fast.Kathy 
o Adrian dreams but I do feel he’s here with us.9 months ago today, while Adrian was in the hospital on life support, I finally realized he wouldn’t be able to have a 2nd miracle recovery.Talk about difficult, beyond that.Four days later he died, he was so strong and such a fighter.He lasted far longer than most would’ve in his shoes, with his many health challenges.Still he kept such a pleasant disposition all of his life, even towards the last year where it got more difficult.So why do I feel relief today?First it’s Friday and though the weekends are empty without Adrian, they are still a break from waking at 6 am and getting Rebecca off to school (and forcing myself to live).Also sold and closed on our Lake Chelan condo (bought it in ’91 as a recovery from transplant incentive) finally.We didn’t make money on the sale (we really lost money), but we had so many good trips up to the mountains that it was worth it, or so I'm trying to tell myself!Now that money needs to go straight to paying the small balance on our home equity loan.But I can hear Adrian's voice clear as day "Kathy you better take at least $100 of that and spend it on something for you and Rebecca!"I'm not sure, "I'd rather get the HE loan paid off", and so my dialogue with Adrian continues today!Also relief concerning medical insurance: after one full frustrating hour on the phone and on-line with Boeing’s medical and my current I’ve got a good plan worked out.Well almost, still some details, but it looks like I can get by with about $500 less a month than I would’ve paid on Cobra.Still all these details and grief do not go well together!So I’m ok today.Just lots of happy memories to keep me warm, though it’s not like we only had good times, there were lots of bad, it just becomes part of the picture.And I'm thankful beyond belief that I've a picture to remember, and I live one still here.Rebecca though is having a hard time with the fact that the school year is ending.She is a lot sadder than she would be if daddy hadn’t died.Thankfully her teacher is great, and aware of this, and helping her see that he will still be here next year when she goes into 3rd grade (yikes how does it go fast, even when grief makes time slow to a snails pace) and spends 5 years at this (terrific) elementary school.I'm off to work out, just a cycle day thankfully.But first a Bush Rant, a paragraph that I would ordinarily talk to Adrian about, from email:urlLink MoveOn.org: Democracy in Action “Revelations regarding Halliburton's unethical and at times illegal behavior continue to pop up at a regular pace. But perhaps more worrisome are indications that the Bush administration isn't just turning a blind eye to Halliburton's corrupt business practices -- it's actively helping the company along. For example, Time Magazine exposed last week that newly disclosed internal Pentagon emails suggest that the office of Vice President Dick Cheney was instrumental in sealing an $18 BILLION no-bid contract ...”Be well everyone and thanks for reading.Kathy 
o ‘Adrian’ dreams last night, but that’s ok, two in one week seem like such a gift (that can sustain me for at least a week, lets hope)!I’ve been thinking a lot about Adrian’s cancer story, well we called it 'our cancer story' as the whole family went through it.I’m so unbelievably grateful that Adrian survived for 5 extra years.We did so much together in that time, and appreciated much more (though I now feel I took Adrian too much for granted, when did that start, maybe 2002?).I’m thinking of starting another blog about our cancer story, but it will go slow as my energy and time allows.I can get the ‘basic’ things done in my life, but that’s it.I already have all the compiled emails in book form.Adrian had read it too.So this book blog will just be a chapter a week maybe, as I will do lots of correcting as I go.A writer friend said I ‘just’ need to do a proposal to get it published.Well I’ll be my own web log publisher, because I can’t get into doing the ‘proposal’ these days.One thing I must get first is the medical mess of health care insurance. Cobra thankfully runs 2 more years, but in September I’ll start paying $800/ month, unless I can research something better.Adrian’s thankfully had excellent health care.I’m so grateful Group Health covered his $200,000 kidney pancreas transplant in ’91.Then in ’98 we had the $500,000 + cancer treatment.GH just wasn’t good at ‘diagnosing’ but that’s ok, I’m relieved actually that Adrian died quickly the way he did, and not a year of brutal cancer treatment with no chance of recovery.Back to the present, I must move forward, to the Boeing voice mail maze to get just to ‘view on-line’ medical options (a royal pain).And my energy is so much lower since before Adrian’s death, though I’m much much much more calm and relaxed after my massage yesterday.I’ll be ok, or so I try to tell myself. One moment at a time.Hugs everyone, and thanks for reading.Kathy 
 dreamed indirectly about Adrian last night, something about ‘being in a mall (which we detest) and learning to live without Adrian, I knew he had died’ type of dream.But that didn’t stop me this morning from feeling shattered.Absolutely and positively.I had a sign from Adrian about being shattered, 2 months after he died (and now I'm almost at 9 months).I didn’t quite see it at the time, as the clear sign I see it as now.In November I had thought it 'could be' a sign, now I feel 'certain', again which is somewhat comforting, but it doesn't stop me from feeling shattered today, or as a way of life?In November (two months) after Adrian died, I had been spending much of my time (when I was in the family room) staring at a vase he had given me for our 1st anniversary thinking “I need to move that vase”.These were my thoughts in the midst of heavy grief. Before Adrian died, I could think about things and get them done, but not two months after Adrian died, even now I’m slowed in my ability to think then get something done.So one cold day I dragged myself home from the gym, threw my sweaty clothes into the laundry hamper, closed the door and I heard “crash”.I turned around, and the top shelf of our new built in bookshelves and entertainment center (that Adrian designed while in his 5-year cancer survivor run) had fallen to the ground.The vase he had given me was “shattered”.That perfectly described the way I felt (but I hadn’t been using that word) and one of his model cars fell down making Rebecca really happy to have found that new toy (that they had played with together)!To manage to shatter that vase that I was specifically thinking about is remarkable, and seems such a strong sign.I salvaged half the vase, picked up the many broken pieces and put them in what was left of the vase.The shape of the shattered glass was picturesque and I’ve put it in our new (circa May '02) dining room cabinet, that Adrian wasn’t alive long enough to even enjoy :-(.This is corny: it’s the time you spend with people that’s important in the end.It’s not the ‘things’ you get; though Adrian loved getting (and giving) things.What I value most, now that Adrian has died, is the time we spent together, the good memories, the trips, even the fighting was interesting.How lucky I feel to have had these 15 years (well since we moved into our new home and got married).I knew Adrian for 16 years when he died, and we were married for 14, but I feel like time goes on and I still know him (we are still married in my eyes and always will be), so I’m getting really confused lately about measuring time.Anyways I’ve got the perfect picture figured for this blog, because it highlights the best of times from Adrian’s surviving cancer (yet I have to download something first, and that's usually Adrian’s area of expertise).The picture for the blog was taken in 2000 on my bday, in the summer, and it’s a rare family picture. We didn’t take enough of those!Take pictures those of you who have complete families!Not like I’m good about taking pictures of Rebecca now, but I need to, the camera just feels too heavy :-(Ok I really must run and return to forcing myself to live.When what I really want to do is curl up in a ball and just think of good Adrian memories, but I won’t do that.I took Harry for a walk this morning that was challenging.He weighs in at 75 pounds; he is so strong and pulls really hard, I don’t think it will matter that I’m skipping weight training today(for massage thank goodness).My arms got a work out and I feel wiped out.Must run, thanks for reading, do I sound loony?Oh well.Kathy 
hankfully I had another 'good Adrian' dream last night, that’s extremely comforting (as opposed to a 'bad Adrian' dream about him leaving me which is still comforting in an odd sort of way)!But I slept badly because Harry got into my room (he usually sleeps under Rebecca’s bed) but because Rebecca left her door open (gurh) and my bedroom door is broken, he can head-butt it open.Well I kept hearing Harry's collar while he moved around, yet it made me realize how much better I sleep without Adrian.Sad but true (he used to get up in the middle of the night, and snoring and just another person breathing—-but oh what I would give to have Adrian back) and now in some strange way I have it good because I can now sleep with real quiet that only comes from being alone.I sleep better now than I have in 14 years :-(Also a good sign (despite feeling crappy this morning) I awoke to a song on the radio that was a clear sign from Adrian (Coldplay, Clocks, which is not a 'new' song as is usually played at 6 am, and then that disc played in Adrian's hospital room continuously).Only problem: I felt that was such a strong sign from Adrian now I’m obligated to believe that his spirit is here with me, in some direct manner, more than I can see with my eyes.Instead I’d really prefer to bitch that I can’t live my life without Adrian (and complain that the TV is too loud, and Harry is too hyper, etc).But it’s not true, I’m doing it, slow going as it is, slugging through high tides of grief and all.Feeling Adrian's spirit does help, and I'm grateful I can, so why am I complaining?Rebecca was very enjoyable this morning, she seems to be saying very cute and wise things (drawing a blank now) and the 1-inch gap in her toothless smile is totally heart melting.Only minor problem with her is that last night she ate a bowl of garlic powder!Gross I know, but she loves garlic and I didn't stop her (natural consequences but ugh I pay the price too).This morning I went into wake her and the garlic now permeates her body!Her whole room smells like garlic, where she walks smells. I kept wanting (in my sleepless grouchiness) to throw up because she smells so bad.I told her she might get teased today, and she didn't believe me!Well another day of forcing myself, but also trying to appreciate time alone in the house.School only lasts for 2 more weeks and despite having plans, it means non-stop parenting (make that non-stop "I don't want to be single without Adrian" parenting).Last evening I tried slogging through Anna Karenina (can't get into it and I'm halfway thru) and finishing my 1000 pc puzzle (so difficult, a cat in red flowers) and Rebecca kept interrupting and wanting to play.The one time she actually wants to play, I don’t (oh wouldn't you know!).Usually our roles are reversed as I’m always trying to get her away from the TV.Yesterday I gave up on that, and she wouldn't leave me alone.The happy or easy solution is to get an hour of reading time before she comes home (which I couldn’t do yesterday).What on earth will I do while she is on vacation?No it will be fine, really, I’m sure, no problem, I can do it (I say with all the lack of conviction I've lived for the last 9 months without Adrian).I'll stop and remind myself: Adrian's spirit is here with us (yeah right?). Thanks for reading.Kathy 
n honor of Adrian I owe a comment on Reagan.Adrian spoke strongly against the president; we had many interesting conversations where I would get worked up in agreement.If Adrian were alive I would’ve highlighted these 2 Letters to the Editors snippets:"When Franklin Delano Roosevelt died, poor people and minorities openly wept in the streets. Now that Reagan is dead and his legacy of blaming those same poor and minorities for their own conditions firmly in place as a tenet of his party, I doubt that the same emotional outpouring will be expressed by that sane segment of the population over the next few days."Bruce Ellestad, Lopez IslandAnd even better Letter (from the Seattle PI):"But we owe it to ourselves never to embrace the disastrous legacy of the Reagan years: massive budget deficits, falling wages, education cuts, redistribution of the tax burden onto the middle class, government secrecy, the Iran-contra scandal, out-of-control defense expenditures, environmental degradation, the costly S&L fiasco and the speculative frenzy, the domination of America's federal institutions by the wealthiest 1 percent, tax credits for segregated schools, the HUD scandal, the Star Wars missile program…" Deborah Diamond-Kim, IssaquahAfter throwing 100 balls to Harry, and doing an hour of yard work, I feel ok.Lots to do this Monday morning, and Monday’s are always especially hard (it’s the day Adrian died, 36 weeks ago, and he used to take every other Monday off work).Can I actually continue to feel ok on a Monday is my question?One moment at a time (and keep ignoring that huge hole ahead).Thanks, Kathy 
ust a quick update.Feel very appreciative of everything today (what a relief again).Especially that Rebecca went to a birthday party for her friend named “Adrian” (yes it’s true).I had a much needed 3-hour break as the mom picked up the kids, can you believe it?Rebecca came home (they went to 'build a bear' at the mall) and didn’t stop talking, which I actually liked.She was really happy, and later even did her homework easily (writing that she didn't finish at school) then built a pillow fort (with every pillow we own).More in comments.I’m thinking much of the excellent Harry Potter 3 movie and my favorite line when Dumbledore (I liked Richard Harris better than the new one) says something like, “even in the midst of darkness we can find a bit of happiness”.That’s my motto for now and captures how I feel.Well I don’t feel the kind of happiness I did when Adrian was alive, at all, but just a flicker.I love Sunday’s and feel very close to Adrian today, for many reasons that I'm not quite sure why?I try to remind myself that though his body is not here, his spirit is.Almost another day that I’ve survived without Adrian.Still the '9 month' thoughts make me physically sick, how can it be? 
drian is back!Thankfully I dreamed of him last night!It’s been since May 15th that I had a very specific Adrian dream and I feel so much better now!Plus yesterday I got the worst headache (explosion type) and went to bed at 7 pm (Rebecca stayed up, naturally). Thankfully because of the 'Adrian' dream and my ‘find’ I feel so relieved (deep sigh).My find: On May 15th (8 month marker of Adrian’s death) it was no accident that I lost his wedding ring I'd been wearing on my right thumb.I’ll spare the long story (unless you all really want to know?) but the ‘floor’ guy helped me move the sectional, where Rebecca had so easily dropped the ring.Having the ring back makes me feel like Adrian himself has returned.I feel relief beyond belief (a wonderful feeling in these grief times).So much better than Friday! Anytime a grieving person gets relief, well it’s time to celebrate, or smile at least.I took Rebecca to see Harry Potter 3 movie this morning, (packed at 11 am) the first showing.The movie was terrific, that’s all I can say (well maybe not).Simply outstanding.Excellent and wonderful.The part that broke me up (streaming tears which I really needed) was when Sirius said, “the people you love who’ve died are still alive in your heart” or something like that.I bet Rebecca can really relate to Harry Potter, but she won’t answer for now.Many elements of the movie struck close to home though.Adding to the relief feeling: Rebecca’s front tooth came out this morning (her 6th tooth, she came screaming into my shower, scared the daylights out of me).I absolutely love her gapping smile, tho I still wanted to strangle her later that morning.She got stuck in her seat while we were waiting for the movie (she turned backwards and legs folded into a W at the bottom), I was really angry with her, and embarassed as other people had to help us.But I felt Adrian was there because I somehow stayed calm.Having his ring around my neck, on a necklace he gave me one anniversary (maybe our 3rd?) makes me feel much calmer.Yesterday was just the worst day and I’m so glad it’s over and I survived!That’s all my time for now, Rebecca wants me to watch Harry Potter 1 DVD and draw Pokemon.Thanks for listening.Does this make any sense? Kathy 
o Adrian dreams, making for a day where I miss him even more than usual (how is that possible?).Plus the sun is shining for the 3rd day in a row, which makes me feel more overwhelmed!Don’t get me wrong, it is nice to see the snow covered mountains in the distance.It’s just too bright outside and my mood does not match the weather!Today Rebecca’s school has a family picnic that I’m completely dreading.I’ll go at 11.30 to eat lunch with her 2nd grade class then volunteer from 12 to 1 pm. I’m sorry I offered to volunteer but it means a lot to Rebecca.I do end up meeting such nice people (we’re still new to the school, just started this year, what a year to start!) and volunteering is always better than I imagine.Still the idea of being around festive people really makes me sick to my stomach.On the walk to the bus stop this morning I said to Rebecca “the picnic might be hard for you with other dad’s there”.And she said, (bless her heart) “mommy I’ll be fine, daddy is always here with me every day.”Statements like that really help me.Kids manage grief so differently that adults, where it is all consuming.Plus I often say to Rebecca what special times she had with her dad and how much good time they got together.I think she too appreciates the fun 5 years after he recovered from cancer.Also I’ve other things planned today that feel overwhelming.A person is coming over at 10 to prepare for our hardwood floor refinishing (only reason I’m doing that is insurance and I’m sure Adrian would want the floors fixed if we have the chance) because when Adrian first went into the hospital in September we had a mini-flood that damaged our already worn floor.Anyway this person is too cheerful, and that makes me sick too.I really don’t care about the floors, but know this needs to be done.Then I’ll do my usual work out at the Y.Forcing myself yet I always feel better after, but it’s all so overwhelming without Adrian.Also when I read about Tienamen Square 15 years ago, Adrian and I had the TV on to that when we were moving into the house.We were so appalled, naturally, but I feel this awful stomach punch every time I think of it, not only did all those people die, but Adrian is gone too.I’ll be ok, really, or so I keep telling myself.I do feel Adrian’s spirit with me; I just wish we had more time together.But his body gave out and lasted longer than anyone could’ve imagined.I'm grateful for what we had!Thanks for listening. Do you think I can make it ok? Kathy 
woke with a headache and no dreams of Adrian. Dreamed that at my former job (retail days) I was put in charge of ‘Security’ which I didn’t want.Well that’s the truth in reality; Adrian provided me with such a good feeling of security, now I must do it alone. Feel really sad that Adrian is not here.15 years ago we officially started our life together in this house and damn he is not here. While Adrian was a 5-year cancer survivor, one of the things I did was circle editorials that we talked about when he got home from work.We had some great discussions.Below is something I found on-line (only get Sunday paper now) I would’ve highlighted and sort of helps me feel better now:From Paul Krugman of the New York Times from June 2 about Bush’s lousy fiscal policy: “Of course, voters would never support this agenda if they understood it. That's why dishonesty -- as illustrated by the administration's consistent reliance on phony accounting, and now by the business with the budget cut memo -- is such a central feature of the White House political strategy."Makes me feel better this is being written, but why aren’t people listening?It's true, the bush admin says one thing and does the opposite.And then this portion from a Letter to the Editor in the PI on June 2 about the war is spot on:“For the cost of just one week of the Iraq war we could build eight $100 million energy research centers and staff those with 2,000 scientists making $200,000 per year. Doesn't it make more sense to do that rather than continue with a policy that creates more terrorists and that does nothing to solve our oil addiction? “ Tom Leurquin, Bainbridge IslandI get upset about how much money is spent in Iraq, what about education and helping the needy?Ok and one other bumper sticker I read yesterday that actually made me laugh (a rarity believe me): “Campaign 2004: End of an Error”Get it?!Very good huh?Lets hope, I'm not so sure.Ok this has helped me feel marginally better.Still overwhelmingly sad, but the world moves while I feel life has stopped.Thanks for reading. 
’m surprisingly doing better today.No specific Adrian dreams, but I did dream that people tried to change my home after Adrian’s death.Verbally I fought hard to keep his memory alive and I awoke feeling so much better!I guess I got out some of my frustration through that dream?More importantly, even though I'm barely functioning, I have this feeling that I’m doing everything I can to honor Adrian's memory.That is so important to me.Also a big key to my (temporary) feeling better today: 15 years ago Adrian and I moved into this house!We were so pleased to have watched it be built over a 5-month period (well I had the builders fix all the mistakes!) We got settled within a weekbecause Adrian’s brother planned to make the 6,000 mile journey (what a great trip, Claire was 5, Lizzy only 2, we drove to Vancouver BC to pick them up). We also got married in our home, 15 years ago September. Today I’m looking at our house as though it's new and remembering how happy we were to have our own home.Well Adrian was much more quiet about it than I was, I did all the jumping for both of us.Yes I’m remembering the good, the happy times.There were many despite the havoc diabetes created for Adrian’s body.Rebecca is actually being nice today, the sun is shinning (I did a good hour of yard work, mostly weeding, but why aren't the bamboo and acubas planted in honor of Adrian growing?). I feel sort of happy, well aside from the big pit in my stomach knowing it’s been 9 months since Adrian hasn’t been home.How can it be, no he is at work and about to walk through the door and greet us!Thanks for listening. Kathy 
f all the coincidences, I don't believe it!I just did a google search on "Anna Karenina" my newest book that I got for $1 at our neighborhood garage sale.I'm on page 140 and wanted some insight and commentary.Well turns out Oprah just picked it for her book club!I don't believe it, because I thought I was being so terrific reading an old classic on my own.Now millions of others will read it too, not that that is bad, just that it was my idea first!(Amazing how grief makes one regress).Guess I'm ahead of the ball game, in one element of my life.This book will take me all of June because the print is too small to read while I cycle.Just thought I'd share as reading (oh and raising Rebecca myself!) is the main thing I've been doing while adjusting to the absurdity of life without Adrian.Thanks Kathy
o dreams of Adrian directly, but did have an action-suspense dream about writing a book on pedophiles (of all horrible things).So by no coincidence I feel horrible today (this first day of June) even if I awoke and felt Adrian's spirit with me.Starting yet another month without Adrian.He's been physically out of our home for 9 months (on Sept 1st he'd just been admitted to the hospital and I figured home in a few days).Gulp, that’s very hard.A baby takes 9 months to develop.But 9 months without the one you love does not create a new self.I don’t want to live without Adrian.I will, don't get me wrong.Nine months, I don’t like this, but it is the way it is.And 5 years ago we were just back from Hawaii and appreciating our lives together and with Rebecca.Adrian was learning to walk, but possibly driving to work on his own, maybe not.We had 5 good years, really good.Last June Adrian was alive!I was working part time at the school and Adrian was seemingly fine.I remember him frustrated with work b/c they had moved his team to the factory.Our relationship was great as I’d lost 20 pounds and felt wonderful.Now thankfully I’m 10 pounds less even, but the hole in front of me is too huge to think of even tomorrow.Thanks for listening. Do I make any sense? Kathy 
his was in a "Letters to the Editor" in the PI, and ordinarily Adrian and I would talk about this, agreeing completely:"I applaud, no, I offer a standing ovation to former Vice President Al Gore for Wednesday's courageous speech and clarion call to oust the Bush administration's parade of fools in their inept and disastrous handling of situations in the Middle East and their sinister activities to subvert the Constitution and Bill of Rights. It is about time we all woke up from the shock of 9/11 and the subsequent attack on America from Oval Office fanatics that have left those of us who can think on our feet awestruck by their hubris, their doctrine of hate and their complete lack of leadership. I can only hope that this may signal an awakening in us all to act now and in November before they bring the entire country to ruin, which certainly seems to be their plan. Way to go, Al." Written by Brian Williamson, Seattle
ello all from Gsy!!&nbsp;&nbsp; This is the first trip of 7 that I'm not jet lagged!&nbsp; Must be b/c I'm used to feeling miserable, or b/c Adrian isn't tossing and turning next to me in bed, I can actually sleep. I love it here, so incredibly beautiful, takes my breath away.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've no energy, tho I do take a short walk to the sea every day. For Adrian's ashes, we're just playing it by ear based on weather.&nbsp; Much more to say, but I'm using Martyns broadband (and it's late, Rebecca wants to leave) as Sue only has dial up and limited access, ugh.&nbsp; So I'll be way behind on email.&nbsp; Thats ok, whatever I'm trying to say.&nbsp; must go.&nbsp; I'm still nervous about being away from home 4 weeks, but we got here.&nbsp; Physically getting here far easier (yet still a bitch) than emotionally.&nbsp; I'm shattered about Adrian, but the scenery and family help alot.&nbsp; Be well all.&nbsp; Kathy 
n honor of my beloved husband Adrian, I’m writing briefly.&nbsp; On this 15th of July, 10 months to the date since he died, I’m doing all I can to keep Adrian‘s love and memories alive, while I get ready for our 6,000 mile journey to his home, Guernsey. Ten months ago today, I held Adrian’s hand, told him how deeply I loved him, and then, after an hour, let him go.&nbsp; Our love still echo’s clearly, beautiful from that last moment.&nbsp;I see Adrian’s gifts everywhere: from the 2,000-pound ($3,600) UK bereavement benefit to the surprise $280 eyeglass coverage.&nbsp; From the ease of packing for only me to 3 new framed prints (one, Adrian’s last gift now brightens our hallway).&nbsp; From the trees to the flowers, from the sun to the rain, everywhere, with me, here, I just can’t ‘see’ with my eyes (which gets incredibly frustrating).&nbsp;&nbsp; Surprisingly I feel our love still growing (I couldn’t have guessed that 10 months ago).&nbsp; Comforting thoughts for all those who’ve loved and lost. Time to pack, easier physically this year, but emotionally rough.&nbsp; I’ll be gone 4 weeks, lots being done to the house: new floors (covered by insurance) and new doors (covered by Adrian’s providing for us, we've talked about&nbsp;this for years). I’ll come back to our comforting Pacific Northwest home, as long aswe fire Bush in November! &nbsp;I’ve so many good memories of Adrian and our time together. &nbsp; He’s still here with us, listen, I can hear him.&nbsp; You too can feel the love of those that have died; they still guide you and are with you, they don’t have physical bodies, but their energy is here. Ten months ago today, my love left his body but gained a spirit that’s free to roam the universe. Love is eternal.&nbsp; I feel corny and sappy.&nbsp; But Adrian made my life wonderful.&nbsp; He still influences my every living moment.&nbsp;Back to packing (goal is done Friday and Sat take Harry to the kennel).&nbsp; I’ll blog from Guernsey once we’re settled.&nbsp; I leave Seattle Saturday night, get to see Rebecca Sunday morning (I apprehensively say goodbye to 2 weeks of freedom and no real parent responsiblity) in Cleveland, fly off to Gatwick (London) Sunday night, arrive Gatwick at 7am Monday, spend 4 hours in the airport, then take a small commuter airplane to the island, and then arrive Guernsey at 1pm.&nbsp; Can't wait!!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Really looking forward to taking Adrian's ashes home.&nbsp; Looking forward to the ocean, to being with family, to the dramatic scenery, to seeing Tina and her family, to meeting Martyn's new wife, to everything really.&nbsp; I'm so full of love&nbsp;because of&nbsp;Adrian.&nbsp; Thank you for listening!&nbsp;Love to all, Kathy
’m free!Rebecca, Heather, and my mom flew off late Saturday night and returned home to Cleveland (Ohio).My last update a week ago, surprisingly time is flying.Another brief moment at the computer, I’ve actually been having summer fun, which is amazing really.Today is 10 months since Adrian was last home, 10 months on the 15th that he peacefully died.Yet it’s comforting to feel that he’s still here with us.I feel his spirit all around and see so many signs that he's here, just on ‘the other side’.As my darling 15 year old niece, Heather, said (as we were looking at pictures on the computer) “everyone loved Uncle Adrian.”Yep that about sums up his warm and generous nature!I’ve got a wonderful 2 weeks ahead where I get a break on my parenting responsibilities.Ever so gratefully Rebecca is on her annual 2-week visit with Grandma Donna, going to day camp in lovely Cleveland Ohio.What a relief for me, what a great break!!!As much as I love Rebecca, wow do I need some space (single parenting is rough)!!!It’s a relief to breathe and remember Adrian and get things done and loose weight and go slow and leave the windows open and the candles burning...I feel like a teenager with the house to myself.I love being a parent, but I also love getting a break.Last night I read this in my favorite grief book:Our Loved Ones Become a Part of Us .This nails it, said by Helen Keller, “ What we have once enjoyed deeply we can never loose.All that we love deeply becomes a part of us .”That phrase gives me so much strength.The page goes on to say “ the essence of who they are is the legacy we carry into the future. ”I can only hope that I can carry Adrian’s legacy of love into the future (so often uncertain about my ablities there).Also at the end of each page is a related saying which helps me a lot:“…my loved one is with me.We are joined and intertwined forever .”Isn’t that beautiful?That’s how I feel (though I sometimes need to push myself firmly in that direction).Thats all for now. I must be off to shower, throw ball 100 times to Harry, work out (it’s been a whole week, I’m in so need of a gym visit), meet a friend for Fahrenheit 9/11, get my cell phone replaced (yikes new technology while I’m grieving) and go out to dinner.I’m having fun, really I am, and as I’ve said above I have the deep comforting feeling that Adrian’s love is still with me (though I'd give anything to have him back with us). Later, Love Kathy 
Through the smoked glass of the front door I saw a man fall. I heard the muffled thumps as he fell to the ground. My old man and I rushed to the back gate and barged it open. When had I put down the gardening tools we had brought with us I went in to see my old man helping ‘J’ up and getting him to a chair.I first met J about a year ago. He, being the father of my old man’s partner, is the equivalent of a grandfather in my interesting family. Since I first met him I have probably seen him a dozen or so times. We’ve had family meals together, he’s more than once been round to fix the family car (which he helped buy), and, on occasion, we’ve been round his to lend a hand. I believe he was with the RAF in WWII, and/or shortly after, until he became a mechanic. He’s old school and he looks after his family. Based on my limited experiences of him I judge him to be a decent man.J has cancer. I don’t believe it to be terminal but the medication he is on is strength sapping. It induces drowsiness and a lack of hunger, which makes it difficult for him to move around and consequently his muscles weaken through inactivity.I never really planned on living beyond my mid-forties. A biological grandfather died of a cardiac episode at that age and I, even in my junior years, have had the occasional spate of chest pains. The way I saw it I might not live too much longer then 45 based on my genetic inheritance. Fair enough: we’re all born to die at the end of the day and I figured all I would have to look forward to at that age would be my prime behind me and a pension funded descent in front of me.I mentioned this in conversation to my old man in the garden the other day. He stopped, looked at the blue sky, and told me that people on their deathbeds would fight to just get outside and look at the sun on such a day. Fight just to enjoy the pleasantly warm air.Today I saw a man struggle to answer his own door and to get up and down his own stairs. Struggle to do what little he could. I got put of bed after either sleeping or dosing for 11 hours. I have lazed about for pretty much all of the holidays, not spending any effort to do hardly anything. A man struggled to do little more than open his own door.I reckon there’s an awful lot of nobility in that man’s struggle, no matter how minor an event it may have been for. It shamefully reminds me I am but a child and that no matter how old or weak someone can become, if they struggle to do whatever they can then they are still a man. I hope to be able to struggle for so little if I ever am in that position as opposed to allowing lascitude to overcome me.Excuse the gender discrimination. 
Time magazine is reporting something we pretty much already knew: that Dick Cheney, who served as Halliburton's CEO until leaving the company in 2000 to accept the Republican VP nomination,urlLink played a key rolein sending a multi-billion dollar government contract to his "former" company.A March 5, 2003 e-mail from an Army Corps of Engineers official mentions that Cheney, whourlLink still draws a paycheck from Halliburton , coordinated the contract, which Halliburton won three days later; this was no huge surprise, since no other bids had been submitted.Cheney's involvement in steering government contracts to Halliburton flies in the face of his earlier claims: "As vice president, I have absolutely no influence of, involvement of, knowledge of in any way, shape or form of contracts led by the Corps of Engineers or anybody else in the federal government," Cheney told NBC's "Meet the Press" in September, Time said.So now, in our nightmarish 1970's flashback, we have US troops immersed in an unpopular war that continues to degenerate into a quagmire, runaway oil prices, a VP who is doing his best impersonation of Spiro Agnew, andurlLink Chicago is touring with Earth, Wind and Fire .Wouldn't it be nice to find out that Bush has a secret taping system in the Oval Office? 
From an email I received recently:Once, I was a happy woman.I was a mother. I had two wonderful children who knew how to behave themselves: Constance and Aaron.I was a wife. My husband, Christian, was a good solid man I could count on.That was just a few months ago. How could we have known, back then, that our blissful family would soon be torn apart forever by the forces of Satan?Oh, as I look back on it now, I can see that there were signs, like when Mr. Penderglass down the street started wearing teal, or when attendance at the Boy Scouts pack meeting started going down, or when Father Hanlon, who holds mass down at the All Souls Grace Blessing Rosary of Our Lady of the Aching Lower Back Cathedral started a midnight solo boy's glee club, with rehearsals in room 204 at the Motel Six. At the time, of course, I just thought it was God working in mysterious ways.If I had to choose one moment when my denial finally started to crumble, it would be the time when I found a smudge of bright red lipstick on the front pocket of Christian's best short-sleeved white wrinkle-free Sunday dress shirt. You see, every night when Christian comes home from work, I greet him at the door with a nice kiss on the cheek. The thing is, I only wear purple shades of lipstick, ranging from a light violet to a medium mauve. A few years ago, the Mary Kay representative on my block let me know, confidentially, that anything outside of this color range would be considered indiscreet, given my complexion. I don't even own any red lipstick. Too much red can give men the wrong idea.Well, I was pretty upset seeing that red lipstick on my husband's collar. I confronted Christian that very evening, right after I kissed him at the door and brought him his evening glass of beer.He didn't deny anything. He told me that had spent the afternoon in an alley, french kissing a woman named Tanya he had met in a tavern, after getting drunk on Schlitz malt liquor using money he had withdrawn from our children's college fund.When I demanded an explanation, he looked at me with a confused expression on his face and asked me, "Haven't you heard that the Supreme Court in Massachusetts has said that it's legal for gay couples to get married?"Suddenly, everything became clear.I ran across the living room and fell into the Lazy Boy where Christian was sitting, and threw my arms around him. "Oh, you poor baby," I cried. "You must feel awful! Why didn't you just call me to let me know?"Christian gazed deeply into my teary eyes. "What's the point of being honest with each other anymore, honey, now that gays can get married in Massachusetts?""Do you mean to say...""Darling, let's admit it. Our marriage is over."To hear these words from my husband was a difficult thing. The more I thought about it, though, the more I realized that I just didn't care about him anymore, now that gay people were going to be getting married. The love was gone, thanks to that damn homosexual agenda.I was about to ask Christian if he would like to experiment with some non-traditional lifestyle choices when I heard the front door opening. It was the kids coming home from school! How would we break it to them?Aaron set down his backpack to kiss me on the cheek. He was wearing a navy blue blazer with a matching tie, ornamented only with an American flag lapel pin. "Gosh mom," he said as he passed us by on the way to change into his Eagle Scout uniform, "what a long day at school! Still, I know that the Lord wants us to study hard so that we can read the Bible."As Constance walked into the kitchen, her ankle-length grey flannel skirt brushed up against Christian's wrist, and I saw his cheeks grow red. "Hey, honey," he leaned over to whisper, "Now that we're going to get a divorce, do you mind if I ask Constance to go out with me to the drive-in tonight? I promise I won't go past third base until she's ready."What the hell, I thought. Sure, she's our daughter, but now that gays are going to be allowed to get marriage licenses in downtown Boston, all concepts of morality are destroyed, and it doesn't really make a difference anymore. I wondered to myself which of my neighbors' houses would be the easiest to break into - I needed a cup of sugar.Constance turned on the radio in the kitchen to the Christian AM station we always listen to, and that's when our family's fate was finally sealed. The Lord's news update was saying that gay people in San Francisco were being allowed to get married right then and there!Constance turned around suddenly, with a strange look on her face that I had never seen before. All of a sudden, she started running towards the front door, ripping off her clothes. The last I saw of her, she was skipping down the street, wearing nothing but a flower in her hair, screaming, "I'm sexually promiscuous now! Does anyone want to have some casual sex so that I can get a sexually transmitted disease and then have an abortion?"Aaron came downstairs with a hurt and confused look on his face. "Golly," he whispered to Christian, "do you think that Constance has been influenced by the 1960s culture of permissiveness?"Christian frowned and said, "Son, all that you need to know that gay people are getting married in San Francisco."Immediately, Aaron ripped the merit badges from his uniform and threw them on the floor. "Fucking shit, Mom," he said to me. "I guess I'd better drop out of school and join a gang of juvenile delinquents.""Okay," I said, feeling all my parental authority melting away, "But try to be home before midnight. We'll be getting Cinemax now, and I'll bet there will be a really sexy and violent movie on after prime time. Maybe we can even illegally record it on our VCR."Aaron told me to shut up, then burped and walked out the door.Christian and I sighed. It was hard to say goodbye to him, but I knew the time had come. The homosexual agenda had succeeded in destroying our family, even though we had been happy, secure, and God-fearing just a few hours before.Who knows what will happen next? I suppose that as the news of gay marriages in San Francisco spreads, everybody in town will be getting divorced.I'm not sure where I'll end up, of course, but I'm taking my first steps in this new world shaped by homosexuality. I suppose I'll have to become a lesbian now. I've put in a call to the local Lions Club asking if they know about where I can get in touch with a baby-killing satanic cult in our area, and I've cancelled the check I wrote last week to the Christian Coalition.To think that it all could have been different, if gay people had just left well enough alone and not wanted to get married.
We already knew that Bush's Folly, aka the war in Iraq, was costing this country dearly by draining money away from domestic priorities and distracting our attention from other pressing national security issues, such as the real war on terrorism.Now the Pentagon is reporting that while Nero... uh, I mean Bush, is fiddling around in Iraq, China is aggressivelyurlLink expanding its military capabilitiesand is poised to emerge as a superpower in the next few years: China is pursuing a "comprehensive, well-planned, well-executed transformation" of all sectors -- including weapons, tactics, doctrine and training -- and could be a world class military force in 10 to 15 years, the official said. This is coupled with China's growing economic power, increasingly confident role in world affairs and expanded involvement with other Asian militaries, the report noted.The Chinese are building their military with the obvious goal of reunifying Taiwan with the mainland, by force if necessary.But with about 20% of the world's population and a rapidly growing economy, who's to say they'll stop there?Is there anyone out there left who seriously believes that Bush is going to be better for national security over the long term than Kerry?In just 3 1/2 years, Bush has allowed 9/11 to happen on his watch, gotten us bogged down in a costly, misguided and unnecessary war in Iraq without any real support from the international community and with no exit strategy in sight, and now he's dropping the ball with China.We really can't afford four more years of this incompetence. 
A mere two days after I signed a new 13-month renewal lease for my apartment, my roof is leaking in my living room.Well, actually it would be more appropriate to say that my wall is leaking - it rained really hard over here tonight, and it looks like the hard rain seeped into a crack along the side of my apartment facing north, where the wind and rain were coming from.I have no idea what will need to be done in order to fix this, but I have nightmare images of sheet rock being torn out and replaced, not to mention whatever the hell they have to do to plug up the outside wall of my apartment.So how was your Thursday? 
Hoping to come up with more money for Bush's war in Iraq and tax breaks for his rich buddies, administration goons have told officials who oversee federal education, domestic security, veterans and other programs to prepare preliminary proposals for the 2006 budget process that wouldurlLink slash spendingin those areas after the presidential election.According to White House documents, the programs facing reductions if the smirking chimp pulls off a repeat screwjob this November include the EPA (2.6% cut), National Institues of Health (2.1% cut), Homeland Security Department (3% cut), Education (2.4% cut), and Veterans Affairs (3.4% cut).Meanwhile, the Defense Department would see a 5.2 percent increase in its spending, the Justice Department would get an extra 4.3 percent, and rich fuckers like Kenneth Lay would get to keep their tax breaks.Yep, that's compassionate conservatism for ya...
Just a few months after anurlLink American Airlines pilotspooked his passengers by asking Christians on his flight to identify themselves and begin proselytizing the flight's non-Christians, two Pentecostal preachers, Canadian nationals Yohan Heenatigala and Komal Singh, succeeded inurlLink grounding a Continental Airlines flightleaving Buffalo, New York, after they frightened people by declaring the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks were a "good reason to pray": One preacher told fellow passengers as the Continental Airlines plane taxied down the runway, "Your last breath on earth is the first one in heaven as long as you are born again and have Jesus in your heart," according to FBI spokesman Paul Moskal.Moskal added that "[i]n the context of 9/11 it may not have been the best way to promote their religion."Gee, ya don't think?I'm beginning to see a very disturbing trend here, though.I came across a story about another recent flight that was " urlLink hijacked " by fundies, and I'm beginning to wonder if the religious right hasn't come up with a new invasive tactic in their ongoing quest to assimilate nonbelievers.Talk about a captive audience - it's not like you can slam the door in their face, or leave.Yet another reason tourlLink go Greyhound ... 
Yes, for some reason I've decided to jump into the water and start my own online journal.As for what I hope to accomplish with this little enterprise... well, that's a good question.Those of you who know me are well aware of my desire to be a professional writer someday, and this venue offers me the opportunity to practice my craft in a place where people will be able to read and evaluate my work.You're also undoubtedly aware of my political leanings, and the chance to have a soapbox to stand atop and scream my opinions at virtual passers-by was attractive, too.But I don't want this blog to be just another vapid attempt at would-be punditry, especially since there are so many Instapundit wannabes already out there.I would like this journal to be a broad reflection of who I am, and of what piques my interest.So if you like what you've seen so far, don't be a stranger: come back, and bring friends.I will continue to post about current events and offer my take on them, probably at greater length as I get better at this.If you don't like what you've seen thus far... well, come back anyway.It'll get better, and it won't always revolve around politics and news, I promise!I might even post some of my creative writing up here at some point.And feel free to leave your feedback as well - I don't want this to be a one-way exchange.I can't promise that I will always respond to your remarks, but I can say that I will try, and I can also say that I will read them and thus benefit from them, regardless of whether your comments are flattering or constructively critical.Above all, I hope that you enjoy your visits here and that you get something of significance from them. 
While compassionate conservatives in Florida were busyurlLink helping a convicted child rapist end his suffering , not-so-compassionate conservatives in the Asscroft "Justice" Department were busy trying to prevent doctors in Oregon from helping terminally ill patients end their suffering.Fortunately, the Ninth Circuit Court of of AppealsurlLink dealt Herr Asscroft and company a stinging rebuke , ruling in a split decision that the Justice Department did not have the power to punish Oregon doctors for lawfully assisting their patients with suicide under the state's Death With Dignity Act, which was passed in a 1994 statewide referendum.The majority decision had some especially pointed things to say about Asscroft, chastising him for overstepping his authority in his attempts to block the state law: "The attorney general's unilateral attempt to regulate general medical practices historically entrusted to state lawmakers," Judge Richard C. Tallman wrote for the majority, "interferes with the democratic debate about physician-assisted suicide and far exceeds the scope of his authority under federal law." The delicious irony in this case is that Asscroft, who represents the same group of people that for years have been using the idea of state's rights as a sledgehammer to try and chip away at abortion rights for women and voting rights for African-Americans, is being slapped down for subverting the idea of state's rights in an area where it rightfully applies. "The principle that state governments bear the primary responsibility for evaluating physician-assisted suicide follows from our concept of federalism, which requires that state lawmakers, not the federal government, are the primary regulators of professional medical conduct," Judge Tallman wrote. Asscroft and the rest of the Bush administration have proven that they will stop at nothing, including backtracking on their historic attachment to state's rights and subverting the will of the voters, in pushing their fundamentalist agenda.Fortunately, the Ninth Circuit is having none of it, and neither are the people of Oregon, especially those for whom the Death With Dignity Act was passed. "The main thing is that the people of Oregon made a decision through the democratic process," said Don James, 78, a Portland man who is dying of cancer. "I don't know yet if I will personally take advantage of it," Mr. James said of the law, noting that his prostate cancer has spread to his bones and causes him considerable pain. "But I want the option."
Never let it be said that those compassionate conservatives down in Florida aren't sensitive to the wishes of those who want to end their suffering through assisted suicide.Tonight the stateurlLink executed John Blackwelder , a 49-year-old sex offender who strangled a fellow prisoner so he could get the death penalty rather than serving the life-without-parole sentence he got for raping a 10-year-old boy: [Blackwelder] said he wanted to die but could not bring himself to commit suicide and that he strangled Wigley in order to force the state to execute him.Blackwelder pleaded guilty to first-degree murder and told the judge at his sentencing hearing that if returned to prison he would kill "as many times as necessary" to be put to death."I'm stuck in prison the rest of my life. There's no way of getting out. I'm not being in there. I can't handle it," Blackwelder told the judge. [...] Death penalty opponents said executing Blackwell would send a dangerous message to all prisoners serving life sentences."The message goes out to every lifer in the state," said Abe Bonowitz, executive director of Floridians for Alternatives to the Death Penalty. "If you don't like your life in prison, kill a prison worker or kill a fellow inmate and the state will assist in your suicide."
Arkansas uberbreeder Michelle Duggar is all smiles afterurlLink delivering her 15th child , and she's apparently not through yet, either: The baby’s father, former state legislator Jim Bob Duggar, sounded a bit tired but happy after returning home Monday. He said his wife and new son were doing fine. He said he leaves the decision up to Michelle on whether to have more children.“I have always left it up to Michelle because she’s actually the one that carries them and does all the labor,” he said. “But we both love children. Even yesterday, she said she would like to have some more.” Mother and child are said to be doing well, although Michelle reported feeling some discomfort because the birth was her second by Caesarean section.Of course, that discomfort might also have something to do with the tattered remains of her uterus dragging the ground as she walks.And talk about reinforcing stereotypes - they're from Arkansas, the dad's name is Jim Bob, and they're still raring to breed even with 15 kids.These people are a double-wide trailer and a pair of dueling banjoes away from being inducted into the White Trash Hall of Fame... 
Wherefore my bowels shall sound like a harp for Moab, and mine inward parts for Kirharesh. --Isaiah 16:11 
YEH AMANDA! I'M TALKIN BOUT U! MY GOD U STINK SOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH! BAMBOO BREATH! MY GOD UR SUCH A MAN!
ell helloooooooooo there! Don't really know what 2 say now lol. That's flippin great innit? Anyway, i guess this is kinda my diary or summit so i'd better write what i feel. Ok, here we go...I'M SO PISSED OFF WITH ALL THE FUCKIN EVIL SMELLY 2-FACED KNOB CHESSES IN THE WORLD! GET A LIFE (AND A HAIRCUT) FOR FUCKS SAKE AND STOP SHOVIN UR NOSES (AND HUGE CHESSEY KNOBS) IN MY LIFE! GRRR!!!As this is my first post, i wanna say a big hiya 2 my best m8 kez who, at this very moment, thinks i'm extreamly interested in what she's saying and that i'm writing it all down in the diary section of our website. HA! u aint that cleva r u eh? well, she's blonde after all!Speak 2 ya soon!
hiya! sorry i haven't been on here for a while - i've been trying to sort out the new jakki and kerry website. anyway, it's up and running now, so email me if u want the addy.Jakki xx 
Hiya! I still haven't found the charger lol. Anywayz, i've spend most of the day on bravenet trying to set up the Jakki and Kerry website. It's rly pissin me off lol. Kez deleted everything after about 10 million hours of work on the site so i'm doin it all. great.Jakki xx 
Still aint found the camcorder charger. Well, i haven't found it in the last 12 months - i dont think another day will make much difference! I wanna go in2 town and get that Robbie Williams book 2day...if they've still got it. Ok......... i really dont know what else 2 say now lol so i'll probably be on later for a chatLuv Ya!Jakki xx 
ccording to my mate alex......and me......this is the best site eva! Here's the proof (not that u need it!) 
t's poughill revel today. Oh what a joy. I've gotta find the camcorder charger for dad 2day. Oh bum. I last saw it about 10 million years ago...i think. So anywayz, like i sed, i won't be on much 2day cos i'm doin the ice creams at poughill revel. fun fun fun. I'll probably be serving loadsa kids from budehaven and have to face loadsa questions about why i wasnt at school in the last 10 weeks of term. oh i'm so lookin forward 2 it. not. Anyway....i'd betta go...talk 2 u later if i'm online! 
ootball Badgers -urlLink www.footballbadgers.com- Re-make of the badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger badger mushroom mushroom! Except with football... 
 told u in my last post that barbie and ken have split up, so i've got Michelle to host a website 4 them...clickurlLink hereto see it! 
ot been doin much 2day...it's Poughill revel 2moz so i'm helping mum do some cakes. yippee. not.............oh yeah, and i've found out there's famous person called Jackie Burroughs, so i might not be able to use my real name when i become famous. oh bugger. I've come up with these.... 
rlLink XML Feedavailable by that link, or at the right -->Please note this is for newsreaders. 
So good to be out of school.. Had a really nice last day.Came home,urlLink changedsomeurlLink things .I'm also going back to theurlLink olddesign.Also, it'surlLink round two .I think I'll syndicate this blog, just for kicks.Peace. 
Well everyone, the Block final wasn't very hard (big surprise).All we did was read the short stories.But, (stupid Malon ey ) made us do the dumbest things.We had to answer all sorts of questions for each question.And, he made us list 3-5 qualifications of a short story.Pretty dum, that man.Then in the second hour we finish the movie.It's so sad thaturlLink Jennydies from AIDs in the end.I didn't know that... But now I do.I'm in another battle withurlLink JoeandurlLink DJ Studios . urlLink Thisis the thread that it's all happening in.I update the animations on the main page, don't know if you noticed...TOMORROWS THE LAST DAY!!! 
Yesterday marked the release of a temp.urlLink bodyvisual , as I'm sure you already know.I finally figured out how to get the XML into Flash, so everything you see can be controlled dynamically through one XML file.Also, all together in size it is only about 8kb.Very quick to load.Today is the Block final.I think that it is stupid we have to stay for all three hours.But, maybe it's just me...I'll post and let the 2/3 period know what to expect.All the reports from Monday were really vague.Anyway, I got that job at theurlLink Collegethat I wanted.Yesterday I sent off my resumé tourlLink several urlLink agenciesthaturlLink Brianrecommended, after saying that I couldn't work with him.Oh well.The job @ uni is great because they give me vacation time.Peace. 
Hey everyone.Well, it's me.Yep.Here I am.Doing what I said I'd never do: making myself a blog.Anyways.Looking for some jobs if anyone's interested. urlLink cvif your interested.Also, I should be online soon.I've been having problems with the XML backend.. can't seem to get the dynamic text boxes to show the text.Oh well... That's all for now. 
Well, today marked the first day of myurlLink jobat the university.For a first day I worked incredibly long (6.5 hours), but it was fun.The project we're doing is archiving all the old aerial photos of the region (some as old as 1926).This includes scanning them in at the best dpi (hell to calculate) and then adjusting the curves in PS so the histogram is balanced.It seems like it may be a cool project, because there is a web part, which I am going to get, earning me $3000 by the end of the 10 weeks.After work I was uber tired.But, I went and took some shots of the gardens because it was a really nice evening.You can see those picturesurlLink here .I am learning better how to focus the camera with the AiAf, and have managed to get several really crisp pictures.The 4.0 mp does wonders, and the colour is sooo rich!Take care, TGIF tomorrow x___xm. 
I have added the subdomain 'foto' to bodyvisual.com to showcase my photography sets.Enjoy./I start my job tomorrow.. i'm excited! 
MyurlLink cameraarrived yesterday evening.Really a nice cam.Love the 4 mp.Hope everyone's having a nice summer! 
It's been a good weekend so far.Yesterday we went to the lake and sailed in a big storm and lots of wind.It was really cool....signed up forurlLink Gmailtoday.You can mail meurlLink here .Also, PHP is proving to be easy to learn.I've got a newurlLink layoutup too.Looks a bit likeurlLink Joshua Davis .Not really, tho. urlLink Peace.
Due to the amount of personal email I am receiving at my Gmail account, I have changed the password, making the account non-public now.Sorry to disappoint.However, if anyone is sincere about wanting their own account, you can mail meurlLink here , and I'll see what I can do.Also, I got paid for the first time yesterday.The check was for 103 dollars, which I promptly spent all but six of.Hehe.I bought a sweet little cruzer mini with 256mb capacity and the new tiesto cd (which kicks ass).Peace out,michael 
rlLink G-Mail .For your public account and storage, use the login ofbodyvisualand the password ofpublic .As a public courtesy, please do not change or delete any mail you find there.Enjoy the 1000mb of free space!Feel free to use it as a flash-drive-like option, i.e. backing up important files temporarily.Ciao! 
Looks good, definatly going to do this! urlLink ayato@web
rlLink Mikehas brought something to my attention about the new Mozilla Firefox 0.9.[quote] For those of you who have not yet installed 0.9 of FireFox you might want to backup before you do. Some people have reported cases while upgrading that their systems have locked up, then upon restart it executed an infinate loop sucking all system resources until all of the programs crashed. [/quote]Some users have had to nuke their HDD because of this.See this link for more details:urlLink http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-ports/2003-April/000233.html .peace out. 
W00t.My good friend just won Kirupa SOTW.Congrats, m8. Check him out:urlLink KRANESTYLE.COM
rlLink we.Blog 2003-04 Thanks bunches to my good friend Mike DiPietro,mdipi , andhis blogfor mentioning me.He's very talented, and only 14!Great guy.:D 
urlLink Gmail is too creepy 
Hehe, I've got 3 more invitations to Gmail, if anyone is interested.I guess that I get more every few weeks.. Sweet! 
Want to turn your Xbox into a server, computer, or anything else? urlLink Run Linux on your Xbox!
Something new I just found that is quite interesting if you didn't already know about it: urlLink Google Blog . 
I have uploaded aurlLink working sampleof what I have spent the last week and two days designing and building.The site is entirely dynamic, making use a XML backend ( urlLink view ).Any comments are welcomed, just leave a comment.It is still in development.peace out 
Work is slowly killing my vision.Right now I have a slight pain behind my eyes, which I have a funny suspicion is from looking at a computer screen since 8:15 this morning.Earlier I had a major problem with XML, but thanks to a good person at kirupa, the problem was solved. urlLink Mikefinally got his Gmail account, and told me he has been frantically emailing people all day.hehehe.Michelle's back from Korea (or has been since last Monday).She bought me a 'Be The Reds' shirt because I love it so much.*hugs michelle*.Well, back to work.. almost done, just another hour...*rubbs eyeballs*I think I'll go take a walk... peace out//edit:I filled up my 256mb flash drive with music today fromurlLink music.download.com .I really like T1, as I downloaded all that music in less than 20 minutes.Absolutly amazing.. Too bad they are artists no one has ever heard of.. :) 
Finally got it working. urlLink Fun.php
This is very interesting.. I didn't know that piracy cost $13 billion to the s/w industry every year... ... urlLink Piracy Prevention
I have just released the somewhat beta, somewhat final version of the website for where I work. urlLink CADIS .Click to view. The site has a XML backend, making all the text dynamically updateable.I'd love tourlLinkhear what you think .peace outOn a side note, I think I'm getting sick of this layout.And, I really wanna add some sort of a shout box-type thing.Maybe a real cool flash/php-driven chalkboard... that'd be slick...anyways, lemme know if you find any bugs...
I've just finished my entry for a flash battle at bb against cube.The theme was to animate an effect over the sky line of New York City.Tell me what you think.The song is "To Cure A Weakling Child" by Aphex Twin.All work is done in flash with the picture fromurlLink SXC . urlLink Entry .urlLink See Forum Thread . 
I never thought that Tuesday's could be more boring than Mondays.I've done almost everything I can think of to do, and there are still three hours left before I can leave.My oh my. urlLink Mikeinvited me tourlLink orkut .It's a crazy community that is invite-only.The servur is supa slow.Aaack... SOOOO tired... I'm going out for a while.peace out. 
Yes, I've got 6 more Gmail invities, so if anyone wants these, feel free tourlLink mail meand I'll hook you up.There are a few ppl aturlLink kfthat I've promised, but not 6.Anyways, at work I'm almost done with all the interfacing for the blue project.I'll upload a working version later today, at work.Yesterday I got some good shots of the garden; will upload later as well.I had a good weekend overall.We went to the town I used to live in, and my step-dad went to an old tavern.hehehe.peace out.btw,urlLink mikehas made a shoutbox and put it live on his site.. Very impressive; i'm envious.I checked out two books tho...
So afterurlLink Louissigned up for blogger and used my previous template, I decided it was time for a general overhall.Do let me know what you think.I've modded some things, added some things, deleted some things.About Macs: I've been thinking very hard about mac or windows.And I've been readingurlLink Mr. Hall'sblog.It seems as tho there are many, many new and wonderful innovations that will be introduced into OS X and Tiger within the next year (more than a full year ahead of Longhorn).One of the biggest things I want to use is Safari RSS.I think the RSS searching feature will be s00per cool, and will provide a very easy way to keep up with all the crap I'm to lazy to.I was talking tourlLink Mikeearlier about Safari, and he said that it was interesting that I wanted to use Safari RSS and I had never used Mac before.hehe, shows you how much Apple is getting to me.Another thing that wasurlLink thrown aroundwas the possibility of a dual 64-bit windows system being capable of competing with a dual G5.I personally like the idea of being able to stick with windows, because of familiarity and the software compatibility.But at the same time I really want a change, and don't all designers use a Mac?:)It's raining very hard across the middle U.S., from OK to east TN.And I burned my tongue.I have four Gmail invitations for anyone who has not received one yet, or would like to try the service out.You may email meurlLink herewith your full name and email address.It's been so long since I've done any personal design work.And that's probably because Photoshop is broken on my home computer.Bummer.Everyone have a safe, happy 4th of July, and check out myurlLink work desktopand myurlLink home desktop .Screen manicure for BB tomorrow night!Whoopie!peace out 
My friendurlLink Tarasjust finished a website for his college. urlLink Click to Visit .It's brilliant. 
I just finished watching theurlLink WWDC 2004in San Francisco.It sounds like Apple is really making amazing strides, most importantly against Windows.One thing that really blew my mind was the newurlLink Power Mac G5 .Dual 2.5ghz procesors, 1.25ghz FSB (a win system can't even compete), 64-bits of processing power, and other crazy new features that I can't even begin to describe.I'm really excited about how cool Macs are now that I've really seen some of the new features that are going to be incorporated into Tiger.And, to back track a little, the Power Mac's are starting at $1999, and come standard as dual processors (Dual G5, 900mhz FSB, etc).So, now I'm faced with a tricky problem: Do I buy a Mac for less than (I think) the cost of building a dual processor PC, or do I go ahead with my familiar Windows XP and wait for Longhorn?It's a tough decision.One thing that I'm really worried about is the software issues.I have tons of software for Windows systems that just won't work on a Mac, some of which don't even exist for the Mac (3D Studio Max).Also, I'm really excited about Safari RSS.And the new video formats.And Spotlight.And the video conferencing capabilities.It's so amazing what Apple is doing.Ireallywant a Mac now.You should watch the WWDC video.It's long, but totally worth it.peace out 
I have found several good sites for testing X/HTML pages in different browsers.Here are the links: Netscape Navigator urlLink NN Archive- contains versions 2-7 of NN. Mozilla urlLink Mozilla Downloads- the most up-to-date versions of Mozilla's products.urlLink Previous Versions- contains versions 1.0 thru 1.8a1 for download.urlLink TheReallyOld Versions- here are versions previous to 1.0 (like, say, 0.6). Internet Explorer urlLink Latest Version- most recent release of IE.urlLink Standalone Versions- IE dating back to dinosaurs (v3.0-5.5 sp2). Works best on XP. (ThxurlLink Mark ).If you know of any more/different/better sites, leave a comment.This is just a little resource to help you out if you're ever wondering what your page looks like in old browsers.//edit:for a mac view, check here:urlLink iCapture >
My good friendurlLink Louishas started up a free host.The deal's pretty sweet for beingtotally free . urlLink Check it out .peace outbtw, my site isurlLink here . :D 
VERY entertaining little app.Don't really know what it's for, but there you are: urlLink Google Talk
Hey, go check this kid out.. he's a s00per great guy and knows his php like no one's business!urlLink | Louis Mullie's Blog |
I was taking time off of work today and managed to find myself aturlLink 2A .I got to thinking as I was working my way through the site about how important 2A used to be to me, and how they aren't so much now.Back in the day (pssh, 2 years ago...) 2A was by far the best thing that I had ever seen.Period.It was prolly the reason I started doing flash, too.But now after I've seenurlLink such urlLink amazing urlLink things , 2A isn't that big of a deal.It's like they want to be, but it's like they try too hard, and end up overdoing it all.It's like they are the old school, with there 'super-cool' 25 milligram video that really rocked the industry when it came out.But now it's like, yea, so what?But really, don't get me wrong.I love 2A's work, and they're still going strong after a lot of people have dropped out of the game.Congratulations, 2A, for fueling today's amazingly talented individuals.And for taking all the ripping gracefully.peace out 
Wow, so much has happened since last night, or else it just feels like it.This morning I went and got my driver's license, and passed on the first try.The lady was really nice and told me I wasn't mergin right and told me how to do it the right way.Really cool.Also, last night some friends that are moving came over to say goodbye and I got into a conversation with them about the best way to buy the Mac.He said that buying a computer is a process, and that it would be really smart to buy it in pieces.So, I'm going to save up for the CPU which comes with a mouse and keyboard and just buy a cheap little CRT monitor and then start saving up for the monitor I really want (which is going to cost about $1000 I think...), the 23" HD Cinema Display (not the new one, the older one).Then after that I'll buy either the wireless keyboard/mouse or get an Airport base depending on if we have DSL/Cable/Satellite by then.Then I'll get the sound system last as I'm hoping to get a fairly good one.If anyone knows a site for good cheap computer audio systems, please tell me about it.To pay for all of this I'm saving all the money (got paid today!) from the internship, and *hopefully* getting a job at MegaByte, the "Apple Store" (really an authorized reseller).That way I should be able to get employee discounts and I could keep that job part time during school.There's something that I've been thinking about trying to get started.Since freelance is so popular and there is so much good talent that is freelancing (I'm talking web, video, and print design) out there, why not make a freelancing design studio?It would be really cool to have some sort of an agency that has contact with 30-50 freelancers and sets up jobs with them after the client contacts 'leaders'.Put that way it sounds like some websites out there that already exist, but it would be different.One advantage would be the ability to have so much talent in so many areas available to the clientele, therefore generating the best product.Almost like a collaborative effort on a single project with people from all over the globe working through a chat room-like form of communication.There would be no relocation necessary as it would be totally digital.Many projects could be processed at the same time unlike a design studio with only 6 members.I think it's a really cool idea, and I'd love to hear what everyone thought about it.I'm really interested in getting this up and running no matter how many people would be interested or available right off the bat.Give me aurlLink shoutabout what you think.peace out :) 
rlLink Mikefinally has his server back, woo hoo.His damn host is stupid and takes forever to respond but whatever.Also, I've been made a moderator at BB forum.Fun stuff.The template work is going slow as ever.I hate the fact that the previous designers were inexperienced and therefore there are 1,652 lines of HTML in one page I'm updating.But I'm almost done with the first bit.We got new kitties a couple days ago and they're being a little annoying.Last night our oldest cat slept with me and woke me up at around 4 a.m. demanding to go out the open door of my room and be fed.I don't feed the cats ever, so I just shut the door, locking him out of my room, but he scrathed up the carpet by my door and that woke me up.So after an hour I was like fuck it and got up and threw him out the backdoor.Literally.So, overall I got like 4 hours of sleep last night, and I'm definitely feeling tired at work today.C'est la vie.The reason I went to bed at 12 last night was because I was watching the movie 'Heat' with DeNiro and Kilmer.I absolutlylovethat movie to no end.I started watching at 8, and finished (after numerous interruptions from the cats) at 11.30.By the time I was ready to sleep, it was past midnight and I was pissed.But, that's all good.I'm fairly awake now, with pizza, coffee, and coke pumped into my veins.But still, it's not a good thing when you wake up with a headache.I need more sleep and less screen.I'm keeping my tan from this fucking 20" lcd I live in front of.Dammit.peace out 
So over my extended lunch hour today I went and took a visit to the Apple Store.(I didn't get my DL).When we got there they had two Powermac G5s sitting there, being beautiful.I got into this discussion with one of the guys there about basically everything, and I learned a lot, including that Photothop takes eleven seconds (one-one-thousand...) to start up.That was really exciting.I mean really.And they had a widescreen (about 23" I think) that it was set up on.The entire thing was gorgeous.And the salesman did a really good job of selling me on the whole thing, even though all he did was say yes to all my questions.I think that I've decided to go ahead and get a Mac when I've got the money.Also something really amazing he showed off to me:Exposé.He opened up a ton of apps and then hit F9 and magically they all tiled together.Amazing device there.I was totally raving when I left.Hehe, and I got two hang-up posters of the G5 and the Cinema Displays.Woo hoo, I can hardly wait until August when I have the money for one.*grin*peace out 
I had quite a good time over the past weekend, and I hope everyone else did as well.It was probably my very first 'sane' fourth, where I didn't get burned or stabbed with a PVC pipe (recalling last year when i nearly chopped my toe off with a pipe...)At first I didn't think that I was going to do anything for the fourth, seeing as how I had/have no money, and that my parent's weren't home.But then the neighbors got home and bought explosives and we had fun.So today I'm going to go and take the driving test for my license (sp?).I should do okay.And then (the best part) we're going down to the Apple store and letting me see the pretty Macs.I can't wait, it's gonna be sweet.Random bits: I'm over 1000 posts @ BB in about 3 months.Also, checkurlLink thisout, it's fromurlLink SRF.STN .Funny as hell.peace out :) 
Hmmm.. I've been terribly busy since last I posted.I've worked on some more sites, which will be released soon.And I've started production on my site.Nothing fancy, but it's cool.Got to talk withurlLink Mike Minortoday.Very great guy, super cool.It was good to get back in touch with him.Only $1000 away from the mac.I should get some freelance to get there faster.Also, new friends are listed at right.Thanks for your support guys :)peace out. 
So I took another trip to the Apple store Saturday.I spent 2 hours there, and found out a lot more information regarding powermacs and their hardware.I didn't know that there were two releases of them, a release A and release B.The main differences between the two is that the low-end model was only a single processor, and the middle model was the dual 1.8 (which I want).This is important because with the middle model you get more fun stuff, like an 8gb ram capacity, a 160gb hdd, and 3 pci-x slots. A quick google on the matter producedurlLink this : Revision 1.0 of the PCI-X specification defined PCI-X 66 and PCI-X 133 devices that transferred data up to 133 MTS, or over 1Gbyte per second for a 64-bit device. The present revision adds two new speed grades: PCI-X 266 and PCI-X 533, offering up to 4.3 gigabytes per second of bandwidth, 32 times faster than the first generation of PCI. Another major feature of the PCI-X 2.0 specification is enhanced system reliability.Sounds pretty cool, and I think I should investigate this more.The only downside to the release A powermac is $200 more (for the store prices).I think that that is a better thing to get however, because of the added features.*Hopefully* I'm making a good decision on Apple.It's an awful lot of money, and I could build a windows system for half as much.One more thing:I'm in aurlLink battleat BB.It's fun ^__^peace out :) 
First off, for all you loyal readers, I'm sorry it's been so long since I've updated.Quite busy have I been. Yesterday I took off work (and missed the AS conference) to go to the lake.I had a lot of fun and spent probably eight full hours in the water.I went sailing by myself on the little MX Ray ( urlLink click ) for the first time in a year and ooh it was sooo much fun!I didn't capsize nearly as much as I thought I would (only 3 times near the end) considering the wind was so strong.It was super annoying though because when I pulled theurlLink spinnakerthe wind completely died and I drifted right into the shore near some dumb kids who were like 'Huh, what's that yellow thing Uncle Jim?' We went out on the wooden boat for a good two hours and I burnt the tops of my knees something awful!They really hurt but IurlLink cbfto put aloe on it.Oh well, it'll heal.It's not like I've never been burned before. Also, I went buck-wild with my camera the other night and got someurlLink picturesthat were pretty cool.I used my step-dad's big-ass lantern and ran around in front of my camera on a tripod for 15 seconds.Pretty fun blinding the neighbors at 10 o'clock p.m. But I lost the original high-res of the ones I uploaded.:( One last thing - I'm in anotherurlLink tennismatch @ BB.Great fun, first time doing that sort. Anyway, it's time to go home from work now.Congrats tourlLink Chrisand urlLink Davidfor being so good at flash.Props you guys. -out
You know that?It really does....grrr..work?i hate it.you can't fucking imagine.Not only am I sick of doing all these bullshit websites, I'm sick of having them picked to destruction by my boss.But, what are boss's for, eh?I'll be soooo happy when I get paid to be forced to change websites..That'll be sweet.So then enough rant.... My site is finally starting to come together.It looks really nice, but sorry, there's no preview :PSo far I'm at 130 or so lines of AS, and there's still more to do.Hopefully I'll be finished with it before school starts. Ah.School.It starts in like 2 weeks.As much as I want to see my friends, I really don't want to go back.Just like every other summer, this one has whizzed by.Fuck.I hate work, I really do.I love the money, but I hate the time it takes up.grrrrr.Maybe I could write the fucking government and they'd pay me for doing nothing.But then again, maybe not.Oohhhh.. it's nearly mac time!This friday I'll have almost enough for the computer, and then after I sell some stuff I'll have enough for the mac, dual 17" LCDs that I found on eBay, and *hopefully* a desk and a light. Bah.I'm tired.I'm cranky.And, there's a big meeting on Friday that I haven't even thought about.Grrrrrr.Maybe I'll call in sick on Friday... yeees, that's the thing to do!oh my, that was like one big entire bitch session.Oh well...sorry for not updating for so damn long.peace out.
hat it do lol...well I'm just sittin here chillin before i go to applebees with the band...oh what fun...lol...I'm supposed to get to know one of my squad leaders, she's nice i suppose...I look okay, my mom is infering that i look slutty so i'll probably change lol...she doesnt wanna go to the meeting because she doesnt want to walk all the way to the band and i told her just not to go...lol...well i havent talked to cristo in a while...tomorrow im leaving for AYR!!! WHOO HOO!!! lol its gonna be soooo much fun...so...n/m to say....holla at me if ya wannaScReW pEaCe...ShOw Me ThE lOvE 
ey whats up nothin here, I've started band its aite i suppose I'm really tired...lol hmm...Well I'm all better from being sick, the doctors said that they didnt know what it was, but I think I know...lol...We sold two of our ducks today...:( lol Cristo's parents bought them...Lelinh's bday is coming up...what do you get for a 3 year old?? Hm...I was really hyper at band today...it was fun for a little while...But I'm gonna have energy tomorrow, and I'm gonna march good, and make everyone say hey look at that Horn! LOL w/e...I had to make my own badge cuz I lost mine, and I didnt wanna sing the Freshmore Song...its soo dumb!! lol...but oh wellz, it was funny because my "nephew" stole back my pencil...it was loads of fun...I thought she was gonna make my squad leaders hate me, lol(she? nephew? ya'll must be confused...feel free to ask..lol) But they don't and so thats good..and I went to Cristos and we talked and that was kool...her friend Sunny still calls me White Girl...w/e I'm used to it...I understand why...Me and Sharde sang a different version of the freshmore song on our way to lunch it was fun..and "Ted" came to practice hahhahahaha(inside joke, ask if you must lol) Well this is pretty long so I'm just gonna jet ScReW pEaCe ShOw Me ThE lOvE~chatty~ 
an, I dont know whats up, but like I just feel like xiet...yday i was sick, and I dunno sometimes I just wish I could be the person, who could just yell and scream about all my problems, but no I just have to sit around, and let people tell me how sucky stuff is or how horrible I am, and why can't I do this or that...WELL you know why, because i dont f-ing want to. Everyone expects me to be just the way they want me to be, and ya know what sometimes I just cant do that and it hurts that some people think they can treat me how ever they want to, and they think they can just walk all over me, well I have feelings too, and I dont like it when you call me names, hmm I wonder why not...well I dont know I just I'm mad at my friends parents right now, cause they are sooo mean to her, and I didnt know what to say to make her feel better, and I still don't know what to say, Sometimes I wish I could protect everybody, and sometimes, I just wish someone would protect me...IDK...*sigh* everything is kinda sucky...band starts tomorrow, which means I have to see my ex for the first time since we broke up, and I dunno, I think it's gonna be wierd, and I do get to see a lot of my friends which I suppose is a good thing, but Idk things are changin so much these days, I dont know if I can deal with it all...So thats why I'm writing all this whiny bs in here, because I don't want other people to feel like they have to listen to me cry and whine and be a little grr...lol I'm not real sure what a little grr is but w/e...I just need to move on and suck it up and do what everyone tells me to, I actually practiced my french horn today, and I sounded okay...I mean I've practiced, but I really don't like how I sound since i got my braces, but I sounded kinda normal...I was supposed to go to the mall today, but Cristo never called me, so I'm sure she was tired from the party last night...but I dunno, I've been thinkin bout old times, all the good times, and the bad times, and I guess the good outweigh the bad, but sometimes I'm not so sure, I didnt get to go to church today, and I really really wanted to, but w/e, And I want to talk to Michael, because he's a dork, lol, and I really wanna talk to this guy because he makes me feel better, but I cant right now..and I dunno, I still kinda hurt from being sick yday, it feels like someone punched me in the side like a million times, I thought I was gonna have to go to the hospital yday, but I didnt want to because that would mean that something was really wrong, and I might've had to miss the first few days of band, and that would've sucked, because even though I don't really wanna go, I don't wanna be behind. And then school is gonna start, and I'm scared that I'm gonna get in lots of trouble becaus of my big mouth well I dunno what else to say so I'm gonna jetFor now this be ya girlie Chatty Holla ScReW pEaCe ShOw Me ThE lOvE ~me~ 
Well hi everyone!I thought I'd post, because I'm sick and I dont have anything else to do...Yep yep! I didn't get to go to church today, and I don't think I'm gonna get to go to the mall with Cristo :( Oh well what can you do.Man I don't know, I mean, lately everything has been so wierd!! Everything is changing so fast, but I'm not gonna...lol I'm never gonna grow up... But I odn't have much ot say...holla at me later... lots of love~chatty~
An Absent Tuesday....He left home at the usual time; just as he does five days a week. It was Tuesday morning. The big merger was to be initiated today. A bonus was guaranteed and the family swimming pool could be installed by March of the following year.Tuesday morning never ended.The big merger never happened.The bonus never came.The swimming pool never materialized.And he never came home.She kissed her two sons goodbye before leaving for work; just as she had always done during the week. They waved through the living room window as she drove away. Today was the day she was to be promoted. Life would be easier for the single working mother from this point on. Today was Tuesday and it was to be her day of dedication.Two sons have lived two years longer than their mother.They sometimes wait for hours at the living room for her to return.The promotion never came to pass.Life has been anything but easier since that fateful Tuesday morning.The 11th day of September.His wake-up alarm went off as set. The boots shined in the first hint of dawn while the uniform waited to be filled as it hung empty nearby. The hat with the number 17 stared back at him as he rose to start his first day on the job. Red had always been his favorite color and today he would see it in more than one way on more than one face.Another alarm sounded just before 9 AM.The uniform protected him just as it had been designed to do.The hat with the number 17 was found -- seven days later.It was fated to be his first and last day as a Firefighter.His hometown became his burial place -- New York City.There are names we can remember. Faces we cannot forget. Stories we could never tell with a dry eye. Moments we have yet to imagine as being factual. Images that we can only hope are never seen again.Tuesday morning, two years ago, has never ended.The names shall not fade away.The faces are there in the faces of the living.The stories are trapped in time but not in despair.Ghosts of the final moments walk within the city streets.Wounds that must be healed with pride and devotion to hope.There is but one September 11th every year.Let us pray that the one we remember most is the last of our generation.~~~~~~For those who never came home, who never saw the faces of their children again or never awoke to see the new day afterwards, I, as an American, shall not soon forget their courage, their plight to survive and their hopes to endure the American Dream void of the nightmares we must overcome in the space between day and night and sometimes, the hour between life and death.We will be united.... again.G. ~ 
I hated gym class. Not because of what was involved. It was what came afterwards.I have always been self-conscience about my looks. Even now, at the ripe age of 35, I still find myself intimidated by an attractive guy. A cute guy even makes me feel nervous if I'm alone with him for too long. That's not to say that as a friend he would make me nervous but as a stranger -- yeah, it might feel awkward at first.Now imagine undressing in front of this person when you're 14 or 15 and in the ninth grade while standing around a room full of others. Naked.I was never what you might call "athletic". I don't have muscles that stand out when you first see me. I was never a jock. Never even dated one. I was always the last guy picked for baseball, basketball, football; even the last one picked during the annual school sack race.I wore glasses in high school and was considered a "nerd", a term I despise to this very day. I made good grades. I was a teacher's pet. I did this not because I was lonely (well, I was lonely) but more because I wanted to belong somewhere and with the good grades, the high marks and recommendations by my teachers and other staff members, I made it to college at a much lower cost than most and with several honors draped around my neck come graduation day. I had made my grandparents and parents quite proud. Mainly because us three children, I was the ONLY one to finish high school and go to college.Gym class. Showers were required afterwards. No one wanted to return to their next class smelling like cheap sex. No, we don't even like to smell that way now that we're out of school and on our own and able to pick and choose our sex partners. I was fearful as hell to get undressed when gym class was over. I would hide in the corner and watch all the naked boys who would be men, traipse passed me and wait until the right moment, steal a towel and drape it around me. I would next run to my locker and quickly dress. Sometimes I would stop by the water fountain and run water through my hair in order to give the appearance that I had taken a shower. I was quite the clever one.It wasn't that I had a small appendage because I didn't. And trust me, I don't worry about that department now either. It's the shy/fear factor I guess. The feeling of seeing other guys naked and having this fear you might -- dare one say -- get an erection while being around those who you could almost feel a strong desire to stare at while in the shower.Warm, hot, wet bodies standing around you. Water streaming down your face and chest. Boyish trimmed good looks staring back at you. Teasing you with a rub-down. Handing you the soap only to drop it right in front of you and then, to bend over and -- well, you get the idea.Maybe that's when my sexuality became alive. The ninth grade. I was so young, so naive. So shy.Some of my fellow classmates were jocks. Built to withstand a Mack truck. Broad shoulders. Developed abs. Strong jaws. Big hands and huge feet.I wear a size 10 shoe and my hands are small as is my frame.I was often times teased when I did get caught not taking a shower. I was even drilled by the coach one time while in front of the whole class. When asked had I taken a shower, I lied and said "yes". One kid whose name I can't remember, stood up and yelled "No sir, he never took off his clothes". I hated that kid the rest of the semester.I did eventually come to take showers. But I kept to myself and far off in the corner. After a few visits, it wasn't so bad but I kept my eyes on myself. I did let them stray from time to time but I was so nervous, so scared of what I might find myself thinking that I never had an erection while in the company of my classmates.It was as though I were showering in cold water. Gym class eventually ended when I finished the ninth grade. It wasn't required in the tenth where I lived. But by then, the taunting had forced me to reconcile with my shyness. I eventually overcame this by pretending, believe or not, that everyone around me was -- well, naked. 
What is age?It is time measured in years.Recently, I found myself asking this question; among a few others but each of them were interconnected with the notion that age is merely a number. Still, we live in a place where few are willing to accept that simple and yet, fortified statement. We seldom rise above our own perception of age as being a concept we cannot fully hope to comprehend in one single lifespan. We simply grow older and then, we die.But what if you meet someone who is younger than you and yet, makes you feel young as well?Imagine the possibilities. Imagine the chances destined to be taken. Or even those that become forgotten and never drawn from. Imagine the notion that perhaps "age" is not merely a number but an idea of what and who we are inside.There are some in the gay society who perceive that an "older guy" is forbidden to date a "younger guy". Some however look upon it as being a common routine for those seeking to recapture their youthful days of glory. A time that shall never come again for any of us.I know that the window of time is a window that closes slowly as the minutes tick away from the clock in our bodies. As I sit here writing this, I am losing time. It is a war that I cannot hope to win. But the battles involved are NOT yet lost.So, what if you meet someone who is younger than you, someone who fears falling in love with you and someone who had his agenda for finding love and a partner all planned out in his mind beforehand and then... someone "older" comes along and unsettles the balance of age versus experience?The advantages of being older are as limitless as one who is young. Most older guys are experienced in the art of love making. However, some are often times motivated to cheat and lie in order to have that experience continue in a rather ungodly manner. Whatever the reason behind the temptation of passion brought on by the touch of a young person, the older version of ourselves should definitely know better than to play with the hands of time for the benefit of stroking one's ego or to spare the young the dire need of one day waking to find themselves older and worn out and even, bitter by contempt.It is strange to think that someone I know, quite well actually, is older than this person who has recently entered into his life. A friend at the beginning and no falsehoods have been laid down before either of them -- none that I am aware of anyway. But the feelings are there, or so it would seem from an outsider looking in. There is also that hint of fear, doubt or maybe cautious behavior to take things slow at first while rushing headfirst into not wanting it to slip away too fast, too soon. Never to return maybe.Others will look down on this: he's an older man and you're only ... well, a young man who has yet to experience life to its fullest. Think of the love to be found. Think of finding it with someone near your own age. Think of what it will be like when you're "his" age and he's so much older, frail and vulnerable. I say: think of what you have to gain if you take a leap of faith and learn to grow old with the one who is not old in terms of years but valued more in respect, honesty and of course, experiences that will not only guide you in the days to come, but build upon the chance to have something you might not find in one so near your age. Of course, the argument is two-fold. One might happen to mention that the time isn't right for the young one to know so soon about love and falling for one who is older; it has advantages being with an older man I'm sure. I mean, I am 35 but I look 20-ish. I get compliments all the time about my age and my youthful expression. Perhaps those who are looking out for one's best interest have the notion that the young one will be sacrificing good, wholesome years with a man who will statistically "die" before his counterpart. Rubbish. Who is to say that the young man might not succumb to an accident or fate first? No mortal can foresee their own demise.Still, I cannot help but to feel that deep inside I am older than I look but how old should I feel when the time comes that I have someone again in my life who might come to question my age, my experiences and my life ahead of me that seems less in years than the ones before me? I simply remind them that as long as I am able, I will be here when needed and I have no plans to leave this plane of existence far too soon.In my time, I have dated a young man (12 years younger than I) and someone who was but 2 years behind me. So I know the spectrum of age versus experience and maturity (which is very very important I must admit). I know about the desires of youth and the power it invokes. I also know that age is merely a number; just like the total of how many people there are in the world who are gay and seeking compassion and companionship. Think of what the world would be like if those who are single and willing met their soulmate and let the simple facet of life: age -- stand in their way.I write this with a biased opinion I'm sure. I write it also because it is on my mind this day. I think about it as surely as I think about where I have been and what I have done and who I have loved. Those are lessons that I cannot forget and dare only to remember in hopes of teaching another that life is not over at 25 - 35 - 50 or even 75. It simply changes form and again returns to its natural state.That is to say of course, we are who we are for as long as we are.So, if you are young and in love, good for you. If you are older and seeking love, keep the faith. If you are old but young at heart, smile and be content. If you are neither of these, never stop living. Age is merely a number for some but for others it's a monument built to withstand Life.~G
ExileI didn't think to ask him his name but I know that I will never forget the look upon his face as we said "goodbye".He seemed like such a lonely man after he had told me his story and he walked away as he had appeared: a wounded man. His heart had stopped in mid-motion and it seemed nearly lifeless and yet, he lived. He had no way of knowing that love had just slipped out of his life once more. It simply took one step and then another and then, was gone beyond his reach. He let it go and never thought to ask for him to stay just a little longer.He had spent years, he said, adoring and loving the other side of his life. His friend. His partner. His lover. His equal. In the blink of an eye, the words crashed against his armor of protection and he was shaken to his core by what he could not contain inside. All those things, those littlest of things, he wished he had said and done were swept away in a single moment of departure. Stolen almost without a care for what and who would be left behind this time. Believing it would simply fade in time only to realize that time never forgets and it never ends.It would come with the graying of his life that he knew what he had lost. He would know how it came to pass but as to "why", well, that would forever elude him. Even now, when it rains, this lonely and wounded man remembers and when the dream has ended and the rain has stopped, the last of his tears sing him to sleep once more. The reflection of him cherishing another is his self-made prison from which there is no escape because there is no single key to unlock his pride-filled heart.Countless nights when passion was shared has long since grown cold and remorseful. The endless whispering that teased the edges of sleep and a waking moment just prior to dawn are echoes heard no more. A tomorrow that never seemed essential and never came to stay for long is all he has now. Unlike the man he loved, this passing of joy lingers on elsewhere and farther away than the eye can see or the delicate hand of a quiet man could ever dare to imagine as being touched again. A constant reminder that the past refuses to allow itself to be buried in the distance because there it would be forgotten or absolved.Oh how he longs to feel his touch once more. The infinite desire to hear his name being called. The haunting hope that they will meet one last time before the end of all things between. The lonely man records those minutes, hours, days and weeks of having been apart. It is his natural way of accepting that time is measured in numbers and afterthoughts and so, time holds onto his heart a little tighter with each passing minute, hour, day and week. A heavy heart that must be carried inside a lonely man who only wished once upon a time to find again the romance and laughter of the one he fell in love with so long ago.I watched him walk silently away at the end. He seemed different than when I first had met him. He looked happier maybe. It was merely an illusion I told myself. There was something burning deep inside that I alone could not rediscover. It was a sentiment that I, too, once labored long to savor and then, it was gone from me. Much like the day when I met the Lonely Man....G.~ 
It was windy today. Winds of change? Perhaps. Or maybe just a side-effect from a cold front passing thru. Either way, it was windy and likewise, it was a cold wind at that. Not much "meat" on these bones to protect me either. Maybe "Santa" won't find out about all of the little naughty things I've done over the course of this year now expiring and surprise me with a thick, heavy winter coat? Hmm....Thinking back at the things we've done can sometimes overshadow the mood we find ourselves in. It also can overwhelm us with regret and fear. Personally, I can't help but wonder how many different, separate emotions one person can experience at one time. Some of them, these thoughts of mine, are sensual in nature while others are purely inconsequential. Still, there are a few which defy reasoning on any one's part. Maybe that's why we have shrinks in the world?I suddenly recall looking into the eyes of a young man and seeing his life unlived there. A place where he is innocent and yet, so out of reach. A touch too special to ignore while I hold onto the carved hands of a wiser man who has lived that life of experiences and yet, hungers for more. A glance into the very soul of a caregiver who wishes to remain anonymous. Walking side by side through everyday turmoil that is Life and at times you feel safer than you ever have before while at the same time you sense a rift of uncertainty always laboring hard to take away that comfortability.Okay, I know, I'm getting deep here and I don't have a purpose for writing this evening other than just to put my thoughts down to paper and then, as I usually do, transfer them to the computer where they eventually meet the blogsite template and the rest is history of course.Spent this evening decorating a tree for a very special person who has entered my life. I say special because in many ways, he is a friend who has become a guide. Someone to relate to and someone who values my input and my smile. There are cloudy days in all our lives. There are also sunny moments when the rain cannot dampen our spirits. Maybe that's why God allows our paths to cross when we least expect them to. When we're down and out and fear that the wall ahead is too high to climb or too thick to break through.I count my years in life by the memories I've composed and by the friends I've amassed. I have many of each. I value each of them and the one before is loved no less than the next in line. I love you all --- some more than you might realize right now.Love of course takes on many different forms. One can say "I love you" and mean it in a friendly manner. Others might be "in love" with someone and that is of course, a deeper sense of emotional status that has no equal. We've all been in love and we're all loved. Perhaps that's the meaning of Life -- or one meaning anyway.I must be on this deep sentimental rift tonight. Forgive me, my readers.Oh the things that I've seen. The faces I've watched grow old and the smiles that take away time and sadness. The touch of a stranger who whisked away the feelings of hurt and uncertainty. The aroma of a meal prepared in my honor while laughter filled the room before me. This isn't just holiday memories of course.These are the memories etched in my mind from times most recent....and a certain envy has endured. It is a hope that they will remain long after December 25st comes and goes. I consider it all an endowment that I am willing to accept as my own because somehow, someway, I have no choice but to keep going and be who I was meant to be to another.A friend, a lover and one day, again, a partner.G.~ 
It hangs there inside a room. Any room will do. We all have one. It is a mirror.Looking inward, we sometimes find that what we see there inside of ourselves is a person we had forgotten ever existed. Someone we had stored away for safe keeping. Or possibly an individuality where we often times corrected our outlook on life because we feared the consequences of our actions which were usually questionable to begin with.Looking outward, we sometimes find that the person we most likely cannot adore without contempt of some sort is not the person we want to spend the remainder of our lives with. A person who questions our every move, our every intent, our every decision. Or possibly it's an individual who cannot determine that what he/she sees in themselves is not without a fault that is subsceptible to repair because they've grown accustomed to their ways making them the center of attention in one certain circle.There is a mirror in us all. We seldom conceal our own fears when we gaze into it. We endure the private critiques of our own worst perception. We owe nothing short of remorse for the time wasted questioning our choices made because we fear the unknown that has not even occured and may not ever come to pass. The future is like a mirror -- it is breakable but it is also repairable.I did a full week at work with tons of overtime this passed week. I'm off this evening and realized that I had not written in a week. I know. I should be ashamed.I've been so damn tired that I've neglected so many in my life of late. I feel bad about it. I really do. It's just that I've wanted to make such a good impression at work and hopefully maintain a future with the company that I have taken for granted the time issued to me to do with others as need be done because my friends matter most. And likewise, my family. For this gross display of self-indulgence, I apologize.I'm almost done with my XMas shopping. Two more gifts to buy and nothing further need be done in that category. I didn't spend a lot this year. I was conservative in that area this time around. I didn't go beyond my current means. I did what I could and that's all I expected of myself to do. Emotionally I'm making it up as I go. Through the days that seem so short and the nights that seem to never end. Memories that find me wanting a keepsake to ground me. The past that nips at my heels at the most inopportune moment. A passing lyric. A fading scent. An image that reminds you of their face. A name being called that sends you into a state of silence and you begin to depict the days gone by inside your mind as though they were glimpses into yesterday's that cannot ever come again.Sort of like we do when we glance into a mirror -- the person we see there is us and yet, it's more than just a face.It's a lifetime woven into experience and time.And it's your future you see staring back at you as surely as your past is lost the instant you blink and say "I'm ready to be me again and I'm ready to see tomorrow."~G
I once professed myself as a writer and maybe I still do. I recall writing for hours, even days at a time. I haven't written anything of consequence in a long time now. I remember writing poetry, prose and a few short stories. There were tales of adventure, love and fantasy beyond imagination. Stories that took place near and far. When the day had worn itself out, I would sit back and marvel at my masterpieces. In my mind, that's what they were anyhow. Sometimes, I would read of what I had done to someone. I miss that now.I keep telling myself that one day in the coming year or so I will sit down and begin to write that great American novel or the equivalent of. Perhaps a story about my life. Wouldn't that be interesting? My journeys, my dreams and the pain that goes alongside the notion that in life, we all get older and sometimes we even grow wiser.In my own brief lifetime so far, I have seen and done many things. I've moved to far too many places to truly admit to without feeling some form of sadness for those I left behind. Friends and enemies alike. Along the way, I even fell in love once or twice. And with that one companion I knew so well, so long ago, I spent a decade of my life learning things that made little sense at the time. However, I took what I had been given and adapted to it. I made the most of it as best that I could with the resources at my disposal. True, there were times when Hell seemed hotter than the day before. When the water beneath the bridge seemed to rise and fall at will. Still, I survived and continue to endure even today.To capture an audience with a story, you need a plot. Something worth their time in wanting to read and something to cast them away to some faraway land. Or idea. Something with substance and a driven determination to leave behind a hidden message only the author knows how to master. An afterthought beyond anything materialistic. A feeling that can outlast the skin of the book's pages through time and beyond.Maybe in 2004 I will begin to ink that story; that book. One page at a time if necessary. Maybe I'll finish it in the same year as I started. All things not being equal however, I can at least take comfort in knowing that I have the ability to write what I feel and what I wish to share with another.Perhaps it is true that men can build cities but I believe writers can move mountains and there is no greater power known than the power of words in print.~G
With the slightest touch, I am his to beckon and I dare not deny him. In my dreams I fall victim to his pleas for me to stay because I have no where else to go.It is my choice however to glance back one final time, in every dream, because I will not know for certain unless I do.Because of this and more, he remains a "ghost" in my life. An echo of the man he once was. Of the lover he remains as but not mine.Within the dream, the dream that I have almost every night now, the raft carved in wood is sinking and the ocean is ready to swallow me whole. I paddle feverishly only to discover that I am going nowhere fast. It will be dark soon and beneath the waters of my past shall I drown with the memory burned into my mind and soul. In the memory that is now and forever burned into my soul, I take that one final glance in the rearview mirror on that last day and see him walking away but he walks away with tears in his eyes and so it is that his own drowning ocean begins to take shape.In this, we are not so different. Two sides of a single coin that continues to freefall from some distant cliff. Neither knowing when and where we shall land. Neither wanting to second guess what we have done and said. Neither seeking to care what side lands first.Neither dream nor reality can separate the anguish I feel when I stand tall and proud while trying my best to shelter my feelings to those who also stand around me. My peers. My superiors. My competition.If love is like an ocean in which we must sail and seek an island to call our own, then I sail the open seas with a ship bound for the vastness that I cannot properly name. A region of time that I cannot bare to predict. A place that I have yet to venture to willingly. A point in my life where I shall not want for anything aside from a notion that we are each survivors in this wicked storm we face. We rise above it and we remain vigilant that what we gave, what we forsake, can and will be returned in kind. We are never strangers to regret but we are forever entitled to rewards rightly deserving of our own ambitions. We love. We fade. We hate. We stay. We dream. We forget.We are ghosts. We pass freely through the corridors of one's life only to remain hidden from the eyes of the one who matters the most to us. Sometimes it is ourselves we punish with blindness. Sometimes we do not realize that we are nothing but a vision without purpose and that is unjust because we each have a name, a story and a conscience choice to share.How fragile life is. How easily it can be stricken from the record. How easily we are replaced. But how difficult it is for us to be forgotten. We are immortalized by what we do, what we make of ourselves and by what we dare to share with others who are nothing more than strangers....or ghosts.In my dreams, he comes to me and sits there and watches me sleep. I know he's there. I can feel his presence. My ghost. My watcher. My memory.My immortal afterthought that was once so clear and real and tangible is now and forevermore, untouchable.~G
I'm sitting here before work, and I had thought about what to write about because I felt this need, this drawing of something I could not fully retreat from. I once wrote for hours on end. Barely taking time out to eat. I would have strained muscles in my neck and back just from sitting so long while writing. That part of my life ended about five months ago when I moved from Atlanta.Now things are much more engrossed by work and the attempt to save up enough money to reclaim my independence. To move into a new place of my own. To somehow discover the importance of myself and not become lost in the cloudy perception of what this recent alteration in my life has given to me. Whether I wish to admit it or not, things have changed on a scale that I can barely accept of late. I write nearly every day about the loss of my partner. He still lives. But not with me. In fact, he is very much alive now. And he's free. Though far we remain apart, there is the single realization that we spent a decade sharing good and bad times together. Those are memories no other man can ever hope to take from either of us. But alas, we are separate entities now. And somehow, we'll remain this way.Over the course of the last few weeks, I've changed my hair style. I wear an earring sometimes in my right ear. I bought a cell phone strickly for my personal use. I even purchased a new car. I changed my wardrobe. I even altered my likes and dislikes for food and music. Don't get me wrong, not everything has been changed but for the most part, I felt it was only fair to me to change things that had become so mundane day in and day out in my life while living in Atlanta.I have also come across some interesting people since my return here to Louisiana. Some have given me one night to bask in the glory of their self-worthlessness while others have become friends whom I would love to keep forever. Still, there are those who have come and gone. Each with their own dictated terms for a good "one night stand" and nothing more. There was the power and temptation of youth. The dissolution of a friendship that would reach its peak on the fourteenth floor of a building that I cannot name here. The rekindling hope for a friendship in another case where the fact remains that there is something to be gained by persistence and honesty.I am not by any means perfect. I never pretended to be. I simply prefer to coast through life, as it were, and try not to look behind me. However, I admit that I have taken a glance backwards from time to time. In doing so, I fall to pieces all over again. All that I have sewn together, this tapestry of life, becomes untangled and again I am forced to re-thread the torn cloth that I must remain enraptured by because quite simply it is my only coat of armor and I am indebted to it no matter what anyone else proclaims of it openly or secretly.I have lost so much and yet, I have gained as well. Dreams and photos keep me safe from harm. They give me hope that what I once had can be had again. That somehow I'll find all that I am seeking and more. Whatever comes, whatever trials I must experience, I shall take comfort in knowing that I tried my best to overcome it all. I may cry but inside I am strong enough to admit it. I may even falter when the tide grows thin but at least I did what I had to do to show the world that I am not invincible. I am after all --- only human.There is no greater fear than that of growing old alone. Success and failure cannot compare. Once you've been touched by love, you are forever held captive by it's potent poison. And it is a poison that drains you as surely as it sustains your life. Your happiness becomes fashioned in the web we weave whereby we hope to ensnare a captive heart so much like our own. We remain strangers however while we divide the good from the bad. We even settle for the opposite of happiness when we cannot make ourselves cut the threads that bind us. Sometimes we are betrayed and this is by far the worst of love found and love lost in my book.We often times become comfortable by what we perceive to be love when it fact it is nothing more than the feeling of completion. A completion that is shortlived because there is no substance there to start with. Nothing to build upon. That "fear" overwhelms us and we make our mark upon another the first instant we meet them or chat with them or even spot them across a crowded room. Love at first sight it is called. Who is to say whether it is based on truth or myth. Who is to say that love has any boundaries that sight and sound can determine in a single meeting. Who is to say that we're not merely living in a dream and one day soon we'll awaken and remember only the things that mattered the most.In the dream, the fear was overcome at long last by the discovery that we don't need another to be loved --- we merely had to love ourselves first for someone else to notice.~G
My grandmother once told me that there were no such thing as ghosts.She's dead now. Has been for five years. There is no coming back.I dream of her from time to time. She seems real. I can never touch her in my dream however. Just as I get close enough to hug her, the dream changes shape and she vanishes into thin air.Sort of like... a ghost.My grandmother raised me practically. My parents could never decide on where to settle down. I wanted stability. I wanted a place to call "home". Over time, that place became my grandparents' home. And I felt safe there.My grandfather was a quiet man. He was tall, sturdy and friendly. He smiled from time to time but never too often and never without a reason. He never raised a hand to me nor did he bark orders my way. He simply ruled with dignity and respect and that was why I honored him even to the time of his death.I dream of him, too. Not as often as my grandmother but every now and again, I catch his face in a faded vision of the past. A moment in time when he could be seen smiling. I could almost swear he was looking right at me. However, I can never be sure of what he is looking at or even smiling for.You see, he reminds me of a ghost.I spent much of my time as a little boy living in the country. Far away from the hectic city life. It was simpler times then. Lots to do but little to complain about. Life was good back in those days.Everyone knew each other by their first name. Neighbors welcomed you as friends of long ago years. Invites were never without a joyous presence. It wasn't always a holiday to be expressive of friendliness but it was never lost in the pace of a busy wandering because there was no such of a thing while living in the country.I sometimes go there from time to time. Not just in my dreams but in real life. I visit the grave sites of my grandparents and lay flowers at their headstone. It is my way of saying "thank you" and "I miss you". There are feelings that I cannot exactly contain here of what happens when I'm there with them both. Together again we are. My grandmother often told me bedtime stories and not one contained a ghost.Beneath the large oak tree rests a single marker that signifies the final resting place of my grandparents. A cemetery a brief distance outside the small town in which they lived. A quiet place, naturally. A place that I cannot find in any single dream. It is somehow a place that I can find only when I am awake.When the skies grow dark, I take my leave but not without laying a hand upon the polished headstone baring their names and dates of birth and death. It is not cold, this stone. In fact, it has no sensation at all. It simply is. Before I fully depart, I always turn back once. A breeze pushes me onward. It is their way, I tell myself. Go and live life and be free, our grandson.I know they wait for me to rejoin them one day. It is just how things will be. You are born. You die. You are loved. You reunite. You are young. You remember.I have never seen a ghost. Of course, if it were truly a ghost then you most likely would not be able to see it at all. In any event, I believe a presence lingers after our passing. A message of hope remains behind. A hope for the days to be simple, welcomed and fully embraced.Ghosts or not, I walk the world searching for a way to prove their worth in me and in all that I do. If they were here, alive, they would see the pride in my eye. The feeling of giving in my written words. The chance to be free and loved in my heart that endures the trials and tribulations of life gone astray at times.I can almost touch it now.This place I see in my dreams.A ghost one might assume is always watching over me. Guiding me and whispering.... "Walk the path until it leads you back home."~G
The rain fell miserably upon my face as I strained with tired eyes to clearlysee my opponent.My adversary.My rival. My dreamlike revelation of a man I could never become and yet, here he stood.Staring back at me with nightmarish eyes.They cauterized my soul.Burning my life away.Ripping apart my salvation with an ghastly notion that what I could not forceback into faith would merely return and rise up to condemn me wholly. And still, the rain fell steadfast.Thunder broke the spell but only momentarily.A charmer's illusionary trick that could not however be broken by a plea from adying man.No matter how determined, no matter how much I offered in return, there was norelease for me now. There was no sanctuary at the end.The end of the world.My life.For the chance to return to innocence I would have surely begged on both kneesfor a thousand years and surely another thousand more.But instead, I was cast down into the depths of temptation where no one of mykind ever return unchanged, unscathed or unforgiven.Tears drying before I ever had a chance to give them names.Tears that were wasted for the rain played my swan song and upon my face did itring true.I fought against temptation to touch his face.His infinite face.His poetic face that few men could ever dare to stare down.Eyes aglow.My heart declined a single moment of life returned to me. The finale had come at last. Pulsing fire erupted from somewhere inside of me and I did not fear its calling. I took a smooth step forward.A hand reached out to touch my bitter wound.An invisible hand that no man could deny.No man could resist without first coming to know his worth in all of this. His intention.His violation to be.He was, in all his awesome metamorphosis from anything most human, aThief .My heart did he claim. Mine alone. Father, please, forgive me for I have sinned.There in the falling rain.Listen now for Hell rejoices. God is crying tonight for another angel has fallen from grace ~G 
Players.Why do some MEN play games with the hearts and minds of others?What do they hope to gain in the end? A trophy? A certificate of acknowledgement for their behavior? A sense of satisfaction for having made a fool out of someone who has a genuine desire to be a friend or something more?I have always been this advocate against men who revel in the nature of playing games with other's ambitions to be a part of their lives. Some singular notion that pulled these innocent, unprotected hearts and minds toward them and then, they're swatted away like flies surrounding a summer's eve picnic.No single age is excluded. No single nationality. No single dream is not without the confines to be bruised and torn asunder. Deemed null and void by the lack of a phone call, an email, a personal visit which might offer some form of suitable excuse. A "believable" excuse.Still, one excuse can sometimes lead to another and then another. In time, the pattern repeats itself according to the offender's design for the game. The game of setting himself up to be THE ONE and then, just before the last second ticks off the clock when his supposed match is about to meet him at long last -- the player ejects himself from the playing field.Somewhere, out there, another has offered him a better contract. And the game continues anew. Only this time it's on a different field and with a different set of excuses. A pretender is a dangerous adversary. He is also a dangerous ally. He thrives on making himself the focal point of attention. The center of the universe in at least a single man's eyes. He latches onto the friendship syndrome and the needy know-how of being the fallen angel in distress. The body language is exquisite if not potentially lethal. His words are alluring if not inadequately undermining another's prospect for happiness.A user with only one thing in mind. Not sex. Not friendship. Not even the physical thrall of a simple handshake. It's the thrill of the game. The jaunt of being at the top of the score card. The feeling of elation that is truly transparent and hence, worthless and demeaning.Some seek out the comforts of others because of a rebound effect. The chain of love has been broken in their lives. Temporarily usually. Others merely seek to engage in the game of persuasion because it's like a drug. A cost-free drug but in the end, it is a price too high for the victim to pay. He returns to his humble abode with a broken dream. His feelings are diluted with disgust and doubt. His hopes are dashed and smeared by deceit and anti-sentiments.Still, he cannot relinquish the desire to be whole once again. The need to be a part of another's life. The feeling, the joy, the happiness that ensues when two who are in fact one, can revel in the beauty of trust and monogamy. For now however, the dream is still another night's wishing. Dawn never seemed so cold, so distant and yet, so still and undeserving.The players however, continue to play the "game" just the same. Names are exchanged in conversation over the phone or through the computer. Numbers are merely nothing more than the hours spent getting ready for a date that would never come to pass. But the memories, the pain remains long afterwards. The truth has been uncovered. The player's identity is well known but his likelihood of altering his ways are anything but settled.The game for him never truly ends. If it did, he would become lesser of a man, in his mind alone. For you see, the game keeps him alive. Gives him a sense of value higher in terms of self-esteem. A fool's dream this is. Self-esteem isn't stolen or designed by playing any game with another's heart or mind.Self-esteem, like all other walls in life, are built out of a desire to be whole, to have the opportunity to share that life with another, to be a spectator to the game and not playing for the opposite side.A player in the game never will have such a wall -- save for the one his actions allow to be constructed around him and upon the face of this wall bare the words: KEEP AWAY -- DANGER!Reserve your feelings. Keep them protected. Don't play the fool. And never expect the greatest of expectations to settle the blame if or when the game ends at the stroke of midnight and you are, like before, left alone to wallow in your false beliefs that you did something wrong. The error of the game left to be recorded falls squarely upon the shoulders of the one who did not make an effort to play fairly.True, to each his own and on his own the player shall remain. 
Miles to go before I sleep....That's a partial rendition of an age-old saying from a time when the little things mattered most in our lives.When the trivial was just that and the complexity of the day's events seemed inferior to the outcome that would rest upon a simple "yes" or "no". A time that is often measured by miles rather than the clicking of the seconds upon the clock.I slept most comfortably last night.I didn't sleep the entire night and I didn't sleep alone.I dreamed.I dreamed about a place that I had never been to before.I awoke, early the next morning, and found myself staring outward into that dream come to life.Who could have guessed that the things we do and commit ourselves to would involve so many probabilities.The risk of it all.The chance that what we come to find is real and might even last longer than a thirty second expression of intimate pleasure.That laughter would ring out into the call of night and find us wanting more.That a hint of passion and truth would seek us out...or did we find it on our own after a long and lengthy journey through heartache and betrayal?The only question now is what to do next?Where do I go from here?What waits for me on the other side of today? What is to come tomorrow when the sun rises and the birds sing and the drapes are withdrawn and the day is giving its due?Will I travel for miles and miles before I sleep?Will I dream of a place that I have never been to before only to discover that I've already dreamed of it well in advance?Will I sleep alone?Will I remember where I've been after I am gone?Will "he" remember me after I have said my goodbye's and stepped silently out into the brisk winds of another winter's night?There is a flower blooming in front of me as I write this.It is a single red rose.It signifies the truth of love.The reality of never giving up hope that what we once felt for one person can be enjoyed with another.The promise of another chance to wake from a quiet night's slumber and find there next to us the one meant to remain at our side.A single red rose that blooms and fades and withers but never ceases to amaze and stimulate the imagination of purity and the everlasting gift of beauty beyond compare.Upon its petals lingers a song waiting to be heard.Hush now and listen closely.Quiet your weary heartstrings and heed the calling it offers freely and openly.Let it sing you to sleep and once you are there within that place that few ever willingly travel to in a single lifetime, you will drive those miles between the two of you; the artist who wrote the song and the artist who sang the words aloud, and you will know at least that the dream wasn't shortlived after all.It never ends until you close your eyes one final time and there are still so many miles to go before I sleep.
There are patterns to every design.Shapes that we do not fully comprehend when they first appear to us.Moments left unmolested by fear or doubt or even resentment.This is just how it is because this is how it was meant to be.Events occur to settle our hearts and ease our minds.We "go with the flow" while seeking some justification as to why one person harms us while another seeks to raise our spirits and make us worthwhile again.We are determined to be miserable when happiness eludes us.We are human and we are unmistakenly prone to fall and rise to the occasion at hand.We can also overcome diversity simply by letting go of the past.I know, from personal experiences, that bitterness has no place in my heart.It never has.It is a cancer that consumes us.It evolves into something so powerful, so bittersweet, that when it is at last able to consume us body and soul, we are willing to die because we have been fighting the wrong enemy all along. Ourselves. I have spent hours, maybe days, attempting to sort through the events of my torrid past.Time that could have been spent doing something encouraging or time spent with just myself and a good book or tablet and pen in hand.But alas, I walked a fine line between feeling sorry for myself and feeling sorry for us.But on the same token, I learned from my mistakes and have decided NOT to waste that time given to me any longer.There is no coming back after this lifespan is complete.The cycle must be broken if I am to be whole once more.There are no guarantees in life, I was told.There is truth in this as much as there is reason to debate the inevitable.There ARE guarantees in life.There is love that never fades.I've seen it and so, it must be true.There is the beauty of a sunrise and sunset.The touch of another.The certainty of tomorrow.These are but a handful of guarantees and still, countless more await to be discovered over time.For so many months I have carried a heavy burden.A wounded heart.There is no greater pain aside from losing a partner, a lover, a husband, a wife, a child.But you heal inside with each passing day.You smile and you pray.You sleep and you wake.You carry on.You look back only when it is time to recall the happy moments.Those fleeting specks of time that are black and white in your mind now.Those specks that with the best of intentions will surely guide you forward.They'll never leave you completely.Memories are designed for a purpose.Memories were made to serve as the fabric of the life we live, we forge and we share.In the days and weeks and months and years to come, I plan to cut along the pattern of my life and make something of it in the end.One day I'll look back on this and know that I did the right thing.I broke the cycle.I healed my heart.I touched tomorrow.And I took a chance and believed in a love that was given to me by another. ~G~ 
 Within us all there is a spark of life.A single spark that sometimes never finds light.A light that never shines.We never see it glow...we never see. The last month of my life has been, well, a light above and beyond what I would have thought possible considering the "dark world" I've been living in of late.A world without "light".Without a "spark" to guide me.To move me.To touch me.To love me?They appeared out of nowhere.We've all heard that old saying.When you least expect it, when you least expect to find him, when you least expect to feel again, it will come to you.It will lay at your feet, knock at your door, beckon to enter your heart.And your life.Won't you let him in?Won't you let him touch your heart?Won't you trust him?There is a fear to all of this that I cannot fully explain.Time does that to someone. Having built a life with someone can sometimes rub you the wrong way when things didn't go as planned.Love often times finds us wanting more and we are drained by emotions beyond our control.Or our design.What we do not know is what is meant to happen next.Who is out there waiting to touch us, to know us, to love us.Who we are destined to become once the pain subsides and the door to our heart is opened freely once more.I have crossed over to the other side.I have begun to rebuild that confidence.I have discovered the charisma that has eluded me in the past.I have found the strength to endure the long, lonely nights because there is hope in all that I do and can do no matter what I do or where I go from this point onward.Go west, young man.And that's what I plan to do.I'm following a dream, a feeling, a whisper.I'm seeking to find myself.To know what it is that I want and need to fulfill my design for what I am destined to be.To involve myself once more with the light of another.The spark is there.I merely have to hold it gently in my hand.And watch it take my world from the darkness I have known. ~G~ 
Winter has seemingly returned for a brief bout of wanting to be noticed.It's dreary outside as I typed this out.Rain is falling.Light, drizzle-type of rain.The messy kind.The wind is blowing and it's one of those days where you wish you had a fireplace and some hot tea/cocoa and something big and fuzzy to lay on.Well, maybe notthatfuzzy.Somehow things today appear not quite the same as they did yesterday.Maybe I'm not only another day older but perhaps I'm also a little wiser.Harboring the emotions of the past has given me gray hair already and here I am merely halfway between 30 and 40.Fearful of what lies ahead as much as I am uncertain of what lies behind me.That is some concept if you sit back a moment, watch the rain fall outside and think about it.The man who cries himself to sleep is a man with a soul to bare.I don't know who told me this but I seem to recall it being spoken a long time ago.I used to argue the point of why a man cries.I didn't then, nor do I now, believe a man cries himself to sleep because he has a soul to bare.I think he cries because his soul has been torn in half. He struggles, with each falling tear, to mend the wound to his pride and his heart.He takes what he has to work with and makes the most of it.He fears falling in love with a stranger at first because it's so difficult to start over.To rise above the hurt and pain and begin re-stitching that soul back together once more.He has to let go.He has to simply and forever let it all go and then, only then, can he take that first step forward and never once desiring to glance behind him for fear of what might be watching him.Wanting him.Needing him.Or even holding him back.When we come to know someone, I meanREALLYknow someone, we come to love them for who they are.Faults and strengths included.We seek to remedy the faults with our strengths.We sometimes fail but we often times try harder than we did before because we want so much to right the wrongs.To make it comfortable for ourselves once again.To reprise the music in our hearts when they tell you that they love you and will never leave your side.To keep the flames of the torch we carry amidst the uncertainty of it all in order to let it guide our way through the darkness ahead.However, as we all know, there areSOMEpeople we cannot change.Some patterns cannot be undone.Some souls cannot be repaired even as the tears fall and the pillow they sleep upon grows wet with regret.I tried my best to change another person so that he would never leave my side.I have often times thought that I failed because I wasn't strong enough.I was mistaken.IAMstrong enough. The truth is: he wasn't. Now I sleep and I cannot help but to wonder if he cries himself to sleep alone.I can only wonder this because I can never again glance behind me to discover if it rains there when it rains here. ~G 
Imagine the sun rising and someone lying next to you to welcome you to the new day.Imagine a place where the pain cannot touch you any longer.Imagine feeling you are worthy of love.Imagine you are free at last.Freedom.There is a scar that remains behind but the wound heals.The days of the past are merely fading images now.Bittersweet tokens of a time when life seemed as though I were trapped in a bubble where no one could reach me.No one could free me.No one could touch me.I spent this weekend with one of the most wonderful people I've ever come to know in my lifetime.An endearing man who has taught me so much in such a brief time.A man who has given his heart and asked for merely the chance to know me inside and out.To know the REAL me.All that is required of me is the willingness to accept his gracious offer.This morning the sun arose after a mighty wind has blown in a rainstorm.I awoke to find that I was not alone.I also awoke to realize that the scar might remain but so does the ability to move forward and love again.And come tomorrow?Well, anything is possible.... ~G~
Today at work I took a longer than usual look in the mirror at myself.I seldom do this.I have this phobia about mirrors looking back me.Or rather, me looking at me.Or whatever.Anyway...I decided that I don't like my hair or my glasses.I hate wearing glasses but contacts and my eyes have never gotten along so glasses it is.Glasses it will be until some medical procedure (and money) corrects my vision.It's not bad; the vision but I've worn glasses so long that now I can't see without them.Sort of like some people have become with cell phones.It's become an appendage they can't live without.My hair is so, well, fucked up.I never comb my hair.I don't think I have since I was maybe ten years old.That's twenty-five years ago for you who are keeping score with my age these days.I use gel or oils sometimes to just keep it in place.It sticks up at times and in places it probably shouldn't but I get compliments on it from time to time.I've tried short hair but I do so love long hair.I've grown my banes long in the front but then I look half my true age.I've dyed it and I've trimmed it and I've bleached it.I've done everything imaginable to it except shave it.I stared harder into the mirror today.I noticed also that I am so damn thin.My clothes hang off of me like an over-milked tit.What happened to me?Why wasn't I given more "meat on my bones"?It seems that all the "meat" went someplace else and damn if that place is one that no one gets to see.Well, there is ONE who does have that privilege but he's not talking(not that he could right at that moment -- it might come out more as a mumbling sound). The only thing I'm proud of are my abs.Who knew that a thin framed guy could have abs.I guess I never paid much attention to it before but I exercise three or four days a week and I love doing crunches with my ab-machine and so far, it's paid off.But that's just a side-effect of exercise I suppose.I need to add some body mass.Tony says he'll help me do this and I know it'll take time and maybe, just maybe, I'll stop noticing what others look like and trying so damn hard to compare myself to them while looking into that mirror at myself.As I write this, I feel like I'm trying to get a cold.I ache.I'm cold and it's 70 degrees outside right now.I'm also tired.Long days and stressful situations at work are the reason.And moving soon and trying my best to maintain a budget while planning for anything unforeseen has not been easy.Am I have second thoughts?No.I must do this.I hate it here in Louisiana.There's nothing here.Friends and family aside, there is no future for me here and I've come to terms that there is no looking back on despair and/or regrets with the past.Texas is my new home to be.And there's someone there waiting anxiously for me to arrive.I wonder if I should cover up his mirrors when I move in?Actually I hear his voice in my head right now telling me that he loves me just the way I am.Perhaps this is why I see things differently when I am around him than when I'm left alone.Or perhaps he is my inspiration and I should take heed of his words more closely.
Life is sometimes like a carousel.We pay the admission price.We ride.We get off.We jump back on and pay again and ride the same ride.This continues until we eitherA)run out of money orB)we become bored with the same ride day in and day out.My life can be compared to a carousel.I have paid the price of admission.I have rode the ride and gotten off only to jump back on and paid the price once more.The only difference being: the price increased each time I decided hop back on the carousel for a spin.That all changed recently however.It changed when I decided to say " No, I can't get back on." Not so many days ago, my future and my past collided with a revelation that came from my mouth and heart.It found the listener and caught them unawares but nonetheless: it was inevitable. I was bound to be discovered and so, love springs once more in my life. I resigned from my sales job this previous week.I leave the state in two weeks and head for Dallas/Ft. Worth where I hope to begin a new chapter in my life.A new start with fresh ideas and high hopes.I take with me many things.Memories of friends and a sense of maturity beyond my current years.I also leave behind the old and the weary.I will not miss that part of my life.It was a good ride...when I could afford the price of admission but like all things that spin and play beautiful music, you have to keep the machine greased.I believe, and this is my own opinion, some rides are never meant to outlast their owners.This is why there are new carousels in other places and with luck and a little hint of fate thrown in the mix of things....we find ourselves smiling again because we know that when the ride ends it ends with a chance to ride again...for free. ~G. 
Somewhere lost in the farthest corner of my mind's most private chamber lies the darkest times of my life hence lived....The effortless journey to find some contentment in my life a year or so ago left me barren inside my heart.I still loved but I also ached to find some inner peace.Some emotional anchor to keep me grounded.I had all but given up on my former partner.I punished him relentlessly for his past indiscretions which I dare not list here and now.That is a dark time that remains behind the doors leading to the chamber where all my secrets go to roam until there is nothing left remaining to graze upon.Until the last sustenance of my heart is digested and the secrets die as they fade into a solemn afterglow of what once was and will never again be with that person whom I spent days waiting for to come home and nights crying myself to sleep while still waiting.A gentle breeze catches me aware of just where time goes and I am taken aback by an afterthought of his face at the end of it all.When it, our life, began to unravel and all the truths were laid bare for us to pick and chose over as our weapons of choice that were meant to be devised from the facts that would surely set things right.His eyes staring back at me in the night air when lightning was disguised as anger and thunder roared in our words.So many times before I had seen my own demise as far as a strong mind and willpower to match was concerned.I had lost my confidence to overcome any obstacle and yet, I held tightly to the hope that there was a spark left to set the world on fire.That somehow it was best to keep fighting than to give up completely.I was the spark that had nearly lost its final amber....so fragile, so close to death and yet, it burned enough to keep the faith instilled within the heart that beat a softer tone.A song that could not be extinquished by hatred beyond compare.Still, for the fire that was, our partnership was doomed and we both knew that the end was inevitable.He sought comfort in another.I sought distance in myself.We both lost all that we had strived to build.In a war between two lovers who cannot persuade the other to surrender their misgivings, there is no victor.And so, here I am .... a survivor and I believe.I believe in what I feel and who I can feel for because I have touched the spark that burns inside once more and this time, it brings brighter than a year ago but the difference being: it burns for another.No one has seen inside the chamber where rest my dark times since.They are forbidden entry to this place that I alone carry inside my mind and heart.I guard it as though it were the last piece of gold in the world.I protect it as though it were the final moments of my life to be.I shall always seek to safeguard what I have seen and done and spoken in the twilight of a fleeting moment.I am the keeper of the only key that can unlock the chamber door and so, I take with me all the knowledge that makes me who I have become as a gay man in his mid-30's who has endured the tears of an endless night and the hope for a better day that never came to pass until I walked away and found myself not so alone after all.Fast forward to the here and now and I find myself coming face to face with aspects of a broken heart being transformed into a hopeful guarantee for the future.I know the kind of person I want.Who I desire.Their every move stimulates me in ways few could ever dare to understand.Their mannerisms, their expressions, their faults alike make me want them more and more as each day we are together comes to a close.A need arises to fill in the gaping hole left behind inside.A man who can do this is truly a man worth keeping, my friends keep telling me.They, my friends, love me enough to let me not forget where I have been and what I have been through.Where I go from here is my destiny, they proclaim.It is rightfully deserved, they say when I touch upon a question about what happens next and will it all work out.Do not seek to find the answers the instant you ask the question or you'll drive yourself insane.Most of all, I hear you loud and clear, "Cookie".Loud and clear, my love.From beneath the door that shelters the chamber of dark times of my past, I sometimes catch a glimpse of a bright light flashing as if the storm behind it never ended.A flash of something said or done that never quite made sense to me at the time.I still ponder upon what went wrong.I do this because I do not wish to endure the same storm twice.Or perhaps I am seeking something wrong when there is nothing wrong to discover.A precautionary but expected reaction to a certain phrase spoken by someone new who isn't someone I once knew but someone I wish to know more of.Deeper within.Longer in years.Always at my side.I close my eyes then.The lightning of the failing storm can't reach me there.I am safe once again.Safe in his arms when the light of another day greets me kindly.I am here and I am ready to touch his face because I see there inside his eyes a reflection of what I have always wanted to see.And what might this be, should one ask?I shall tell you this .... I want him to see just a glimpse of that chamber there inside my mind and if he is ever lucky enough to see my tears filter out my pain and hurt, then he'll know for certain that I am cleansed because love isn't over when two cannot be one....it's over when the power of one cannot maintain the structure of two any further.May the chamber be forgotten in the years to come.May it never crack and flood my heart with stained memories of yesterday.May it vanish from view one bright morning when I find myself looking into "his" eyes upon my first glimpse of tomorrow being born today.I pray and I hope.I laugh and I cry.I smile and I feel.I am and we are.Won't you walk with me?Hold my hand and cry when I cry.What do you see there?What do you see?Tell me .... one day when we are older.Wiser.Gray and frail.When we are together.Still. 
Drove down to my parents this evening.Haven't visited with them since Christmas Day.Things that should be said must be said before I move out of state.It's not a ritual that I tend to annually or even when I am in the process of moving (which seems to be a yearly ritual in itself).Whatever comes about in the future will be determined by what I do in the here and now.The present shapes the future and the past is always a shadow lingering in the background.The only difference being: there is a light ahead of me now and we all know that light is mightier than darkness.It has always been the underlying issue of what is best for our children.What life he or she will lead.Who they'll come to love.Their lifestyle is often times no different or any less alien to the fact that no one can determine this fate we are guaranteed to endure.Gay or straight; it is a choice set in stone by nature alone.I love my parents.They love me.However, I am certain that in the back of their minds they would have chosen an alternate path for my life.A straight lifestyle.This cannot be undone now.It simply and forever remains a choice that I made years ago out of the characteristics that I was fortunate enough to have been given.I chose to be gay under the conditions set forth within my mind and heart.I chose to lay alongside another man.My choice has not gone unnoticed.Whatever happens to me now has become a test for me.I have tried in the past to prove my worth to not only my family but also, my partner.I failed at times however to make any one person understand my choices that led me to undo what we once done: my sense of confidence and self-worth.I lost my partner of ten years not so long ago and though he remains very much alive, the fears of settling down and being content seemed to have escape him from time to time and so, I was left with an empty shell of a heart and that emptiness nearly consumed me whole.Like that injustice of being abandoned because of insecurity of one's self and the fears of commitment from the man I would have moved Heaven and Earth for, I refuse to lose my parents to the fears of my being gay.AIDS, gay-bashing, STD's, etc. are a facet of the gay lifestyle that I cannot and will not ignore.My family is quite aware of these hazards I face on a daily basis but what sets me apart from the rest of society is that I am responsible and mature and demand mutual respect from those I date and come to love.So here I am.Sitting with my parents.Here in a small and quaint little town in the middle of what some might classify as: Nowhere.True, they know my lifestyle.They've seen me with my former partner.He was always welcomed in their home and mainly because in their eyes he made me happy.But times changed.He changed.I have since changed as well.This change on my part and the decisions about to be made can only be taken in by my parents as another juncture in a life that has seen more than it's fair share of turmoil and likewise, happy moments sparingly scattered about.My parents love me.This much I am certain.Do they worry about me?That goes without saying.It's a mother's purpose in life to be concerned and protective over her children.A father's right to be instructive and demanding of one's objectives when securing the love of his child.Whether this be a daughter or ... a son.My heart was broken not so long ago.The pieces are there for the fixing.I just have to put them together and I now have help.I came here to see my parents and to set their minds at ease.I am safe.I am happier.I am free to make my choices just as I did years ago when I came out of the closet and faced the wide world of religious fanatics and disease.I wish in many many ways that my heart had never been broken.I wish the pieces had not been so hard to discover again.I wish that my parents had pushed me farther than they ever tried to do when I was younger.But I had to find my own way through this mesmeric journey called Life.You never know where you're going to end up or who you're going to meet along the way.Love is a fragile piece of being human.It's a gift really.Treat as such or you'll lose it and may never come to find it again in someone new.Never doubt that it can undo all the tangles of what someone else has done.Forgiveness isn't so much a cure as it is a jagged pill we sometimes must swallow to move on in our lives.If for some reason my parents blame themselves for my being gay, they would never say this to me.Nor would I ever assume to blame them for the results of my choices thus far.I made my bed long ago and I have slept it in alone and with someone and if truth be told: If I could go back and do it all over again, I would do it just the same because being here with my parents in this small town and at a point where I'm about to make another big move is right where I belong and you know something else?It feels like I made the right choice after all.
Dentists always make me nervous.I'm not sure why.Maybe it's the metal/sharp objects that they like to use to test the boundaries of your mouth.Or maybe it's that music they play in the lobby.Or the bill at the end of the session.Either way, I always come out of the office feeling like some part of a scrapped Boeing 757 is now and forever etched into the unseen corners of my teeth and I'm three-fourths poorer than when I first entered the waiting room.Needless to say, I return next week to receive theFULLoutlook on what I have to have done with my mouth and how much it's going to set me back.I really need to find a good insurance carrier.Or I need to find a helluva good set of teeth I can borrow.But the truth of the matter is, my teeth are not in bad shape.It's just that being allergic to milk, I lost out on calcium as a child and hence, it was bound to create problems down the road.And so it has but not the point that I am losing teeth or even have gum disease.I just need a crown or two so far.And one cavity which isn't bad but he suggested getting it done sooner than later.Don't they all suggest that on your first visit?Afterwards, I did some grocery shopping.Nothing special really.Ever go into the grocery store and come out without what you really in for?Word of advice, too: don't ever enter a supermarket hungry.You've heard the sad stories.Believe them.It looks like rain this evening.It feels like it, too.But so far, not a drop to speak of this afternoon.Maybe overnight.A friend of ours, Tony and myself, is having his 40th birthday this Saturday.Not a clue as to what to get him.I've really only known him for a month or so and he's known Tony for some time now.Maybe he'll have an idea or two.Finding that perfect gift is always a chore that most never care to seek out but I would rather find something useful than something that'll just end up in a garage sale before summer's end.Four more years and I hit the big4-0 .Maybe I'll have my dental bills paid off by then.If not then I know exactly what to ask for. Donations. 
One week into the new job and who knew that I'd feel important again.I mean, even if the new job is Temporary at least I have learned something new and did the best that I could, right?The rest of the time that I have has been spent catching up with correspondence and trying my best not to get over-stressed about things that I cannot change despite the notion that I am able to surpass the equivalent of my former self in a single bound.It ain't gonna happen in a single day I can tell you that.We're still planning to go San Antonio/Laredo this weekend.Not sure what to expect but from what I've been told: it's HOT...as in temperature.I'm not exactly certain what to expect when I get there.I do know from hearing others talk: the beer is cheap.Funny, I don't drink beer.Beyond that, I will probably purchase a few trinkets for family and friends.Maybe a tan (without the burn).And a few good memories to tuck away for a rainy afternoon when the skies are gray and the hours seem to drag forever slowly.(sidenote: Anyone else out there aside from me completely BORED to tears with this season's American Idol?)I read a Fox News story earlier this evening about a 104 year old man who retired.Does this mean that I have to work another 60 years or so before I can retire with a comfortable bank account and a pair of slippers that I still remember which shoe goes on what foot?
I had let time slip passed me for some strange reason.I had almost taken for granted my thoughts inside this flooded mind of mine of late and nearly forgotten to write them here.Bad me.So many things have begun to change for me since moving here to Fort Worth area.A new job, meeting new people and making new friends.Getting to know the area and tasting the cuisine and watching some of the most vivid sunsets I've ever had the opportunity to witness.Truly an amazing sight that most never seem to appreciate enough.The job is going well.It's a temp job but hey, it's a job, right?It's money coming in and that money is being put aside for future references.For a time when the need might arise and I've always saved when I could.I have been good about saving since I was a little boy.I saved my allowance when my siblings spent theirs foolishly.I guess it was a good lesson to have learned because with my moving twice in six months, I needed to save something for the uncertainty of the future and all that it entails.I'm what they call a Tracer for a transportation company that uses trucking carrier companies to transport their merchandise state to state.It's my job to keep tabs on when these loads are picked up and when they deliver.The carriers don't get paid until we receive confirmation of the load having been delivered.Simple really but it takes multi-tasking to a new level and there are so many little reports to keep up with and numbers and don't get me started on phoning the prospective clients.That's always the best part.Not!Went to a birthday party this passed weekend.A friend was celebrating his 40th.He doesn't look it.I had a very good time.I didn't drink much but just socialized and got to know all of this group that's sort of taken me in since I moved here.They are without a doubt, some of the best guys I've ever met in my life.So I have faith that there are still some nice people in this world and some of them live right here in DFW.This weekend I'm due to travel to San Antonio for Fiesta.Though I've never been, I am hoping to at least get a feel for the texture of the atmosphere there and with any luck, a tan.Still, with all of this good news and new beginning in my life, there are times when I feel lost.Separated from the past in such a way that I barely recognize where I'm now and where I'm destined to go from here.My goals remain the same: succeed wherever possible.But the question remains: is it enough to be happy/complete?The answer isn't always obvious but then, I'm not planning on failing again in my life when it comes to personal or profession choices that must be made.I can't fall backwards.I just can't.Whatever happens, I'm here.I'm real and I'm surviving and that's worth the wait and besides, no man has ever been able to pull me down to where I could not reach out for another hand to help pull me back to the surface.I've reached out and found this time around many hands.I am lucky and I am of course, grateful.Above all else, I'm still me. 
I am happy to say that I made it back safe and sound after my weekend trip to Laredo, Mexico this passed weekend.The trip was very nice.It was different.I didn't realize how poor that country is until crossing the bridge and river.We here take so many things for granted; food and water are but a few of the amenities of living in a rich country where there is at least the chance to improve upon your standards of living.The bus we had reserved was indeed packed with a mixed bag of faces and lifestyles; straight, gay, Caucasian, Hispanic, etc.You name it and it was on that bus.By the time we were on our way back to San Antonio, the majority of the passengers were wasted on beer, tequila and whatever else they had stockpiled in ice chests in the rear of the bus but we each got to know a little something about the other we didn't know when we first stepped onboard.While in Laredo we found some nice trinkets.Some blankets and silver jewelry.I also found some true Mexican style sweets which I don't know how they are made but I sure as hell know how they are consumed."American" candy is good but this shit is amazing.After we made it back to San Antonio, I asked Tony to take me to the River Walk.I had not been downtown in many years.There was a nice breeze blowing that evening and the cafes and restaurants that dotted the edge of the riverwalk were truly amazing.Lights illuminated everything and for the most part, the people were friendly and were not pushy and/or overzealous regarding those of us, that would be me, who were in all actuality, a tourist.In the end, it was an experience I shall not soon forget and was thankful to have been given the chance to go and see a different culture and a part of the world where things are not always rosy but they are without question and undeniably a part of society as we know it to be today and most assuredly, tomorrow as well.So far the job is going well.I sit in front of a computer all day.Much as I'm doing right now while typing this.I deal with people from all across the country which is uniquely interesting because I get a taste of accents and sometimes our conversations help to make the distance seem that less in measure. Haven't gone out to a movie in I don't know how long.I still want to see Passion of the Christ and I would like to see Return of the King once again before it leaves the theaters and before it arrives on DVD near the end of May.I've been going steady ever since I moved here to Texas.I would like a day to just do nothing really.Maybe a movie on Sunday.Sounds nice to me and I won't need mind dressing down either.Lord knows I need to let my hair down.I'm too tense inside anyhow or so it would appear.I've been trying my best to catch up with other blog sites whom I've not read in quite some time.I'm learning a lot to be honest.And a few sites I've become a fan of because of a) the way the journalist writes and b) the stories they have to tell which parallel my own in so many ways; past and present.Perhaps we are not so different after all.No matter where we live, where we work and who we lay next to when night has come.Perhaps we are simply strangers in our own eyes because we can't imagine ourselves ever really knowing the world as a whole.I, for one, would love to get to know as many people as I am capable of knowing before I take my leave and cross another bridge...never to return to this side of life and when it is done and my journey has ended some will surely remember having crossed my path on at least one occasion.That would be worth the price of admission in my book. ~G. 
Is it me or did Spring disappear overnight?I'm sitting here writing this blog entry with a longsleeve on, all of the windows closed and the AC turned off.This is May 1st, right?Oh well, I'm enjoying it just the same.Strong winds blew into Fort Worth last night.Some clocked at well over 80 MPH.Luckily, by the time the storm reached where I live, the effects were less of a danger and more of a distraction.Hence, I worked out in front of the patio window and watched the lightning cascade across the cloud-driven nightsky.The display was indeed much better than what was on TV (which I seldom watch anymore).Today, I cleaned the apartment.Well, I started cleaning.It's not messy mind you but it is Spring and that means spring-cleaning.Then again, the temperature outside reads 59 and again, I check the calendar to find that it is May 1st.Hmmm...I also ran some errands.Found me some more work shirts which I'll use to look presentable for a job where I sit in front of a computer for eight hours and type in figures and information that is probably a code for some demonic organization formed somewhere in the Mid West.I also got my hair cut.And when I say cut, I meanCUT! It's so short ... well, it's so short that I no longer need a comb, gel and the wind can't harm me any longer upstairs.And here I have all those tubes/bottles of hair gel in the bathroom cabinet.Maybe I can find some "alternative" uses for the stuff.Suddenly, one just came to mind. Tonight, Tony and I are going to a friend's home for a little get-together.It'll be fun.All that's required: bring your own booze.I don't drink really.Socially and only on special occasions.That'sNOTto say that I don't have the desire because like any other redblooded gay man, I have the desire for alcohol but mainly that only occurs at half-passed five, which is shortly after I arrive home from a long day at work.I have so many emails to catch up on this weekend.And at least three phone calls to return.I need a secretary.I need a vacation.I need a winning lottery ticket.Somehow, I think Spring is not so far behind.It's merely taking a break before theBOOM!of Summer arrives.Ain't that a bitch?!?!Hopefully, my hair will have grown back by then or else the top of my head is going to look like a lobster's ass.Now I must leave good company while I finish writingMother's Daycards out to three lovely ladies in my life; one being my mother.Though we're not exactly close, we are family.That's worth salvaging; no matter the distance between us. G.~
After reading Jef's latest entry (a poem or two), and if it is Poem Day, I thought why not?So here's my poem.Yes, I did write this.S kyward columns of steam climb toward Heaven itself from the depths below, from the core of our world From the residence where lived smoke and brimstone before last night, before its final hour Fire and ice now struggle to maintain what mankind no longer dares to explain The Devil is dead, long live the King Hell has frozen over at long last and you are to blameMisery walks amongst us now two by two, twins without a spine Misery alongside her identical twin, Deceiver both to walk their path anarchically, unscathed The inferno has been smothered and all the world feels the chilled winds of the inconceivable The pits of Hell cast no torment for the sinful agents of the [beast with horns] are forgottenyes, they are now dying A spoken vow hath broken the spell of Hell itself and you my love, are the one who did the deedWith a childlike promise from your lips to my wanting ears, heart in tow Hell has been chilled to its heart barely an amber remains to simmer a soul from such a noble but futile attempt to earn one's heart It will take [His] angels of Heaven a millennia to thaw the Lands of Perdition But far beforehand we shall all become vapor and ash What were you thinking, my love when you softly whispered to me ... " I will only stop loving you,when Hell has frozen over ." ©2004; Gregory Cook
Dentist visit today.Have to have some crown work done soon.That should be most enjoyable.Sitting in a chair.A man standing over me with a sharp tool and a blinding, hot light staring down on my face giving me a temporary tan in less than two hours.I should have been a dentist.In one visit, with one procedure, he can make enough to enjoy a trip to Bermuda and back again before I've earned enough money to pay my car note for six months.I wonder though: what qualifications does a dentist look for when he or she chooses to have his or her teeth worked on?Work has been busy of late.Doing some backlog with data entry this week.That at least guarantees that I'll be there another week.Each Monday and Friday I go in with this dark cloud looming overhead.Will this be the day they decide to "let me go"?I can only hope that it won't be too soon because after moving and paying off some other debts, I need to start saving money once again for those so-called rainy days.As if I can't spend money on a SUNNY day.I keep having this strange and awkward dream about some guy standing no more than ten feet ahead of me, his back turned and he's taunting me somehow.Maybe he's calling after me.Whoever he is, I don't know him.He's taller than I am.Dark hair and cut short but then, in dreams color doesn't mean a whole lot, so for all I know his hair could be blonde and wet.It, the dream, always end with this person starting to reach out and then he slowly begins to turn around.I wake up.I try to remember the fine details of where I am in the dream, who this person MIGHT be and what he's saying exactly but for all my efforts, I am unable to remedy the mystery that comes to play with my mind in the hours just prior to dawn.With each day that passes I become a little more relaxed with my surroundings.I find myself more and more becoming at ease with where my stuff rests here in the apartment.Where I lay my head and how I prepare the evening meals.I guess it just feels strange because I make it feel that way more often than not.I know that there is this defense mechanism inside that tells me to walk cautiously forward but I know that I have nothing to fear but my own resentment for the past which plagues me in its own way of late.I agreed, foolishly maybe, to remain friends with my Ex.But as I've learned in recent days and weeks, there is a game left to be played where one's emotions are nothing short of being used as pawns in a bout of wills where only the true victor can be decided once the dust has settled.As much as I would like to assume the battle ended months ago, I believe it lingers on with only one way to end the war that is.I have done my part.I have played the role.I have been haunted, taunted and left behind.I have tasted bittersweet justice in my own schemes to extract revenge by simply ignoring the words that can cut so deep and yet, the wounds that I have suffered have never truly and fully healed.And I wonder: do they ever heal completely?The burden one carries to be right and sane is a heavy one.I carry this burden because I have a debt to claim from the past.But one can only wonder these days of late if it is truly worth it.If the consequences are far greater in value than what is to be gained when all is said and done.When the final comment is spoken and the last syllable is echoed will the victory have been worth the fight all along?If time is the only evidence we have to know that we are real and alive then I guess time is all that I have to rely on to tell me the outcome that is destined to be the one justified for me and my life to be.Lucky for me, I'm a patient man.
 I wake up. I take in my first morning breath.I am alive once more.I gaze harshly into the coldness of the dawn as it rises quietly around me and I feel my mind being taken under the spell of uncertainty of where I go from here.Such is the happenings to the beginning of a new day where the remainder of what is to come has no place being found just yet.......and I feel lost inside while at the same time, I search for a peace of mind and a place to notably recognize as being somewhere I fit in.When I first moved here to Texas, which was about seven weeks ago, I realized that I would be starting over in more than one way.A new home.A new job.A new set of friends.A new lover?A new life all told.And I knew, boy did I know, that it would NOT be an easy transition.But I kept hoping that it would be worth the struggle to find something that would make me feel needed, wanted and deserving of what I had fought so long to maintain in my past.I can honestly say that I am happy in some regards and not so happy in others.Attempting to set myself into a new job has been a huge hurdle to overcome because I feel obligated to settle for something so quickly, so beneficial that I don't always look at what I want for myself when pretaining to the new job at hand.I guess I feel that I have to find something that will set me amongst the ranks of the employed that I forget the factors of: will I like it?will it benefit me down the road?will it make ends meet?I want so much to succeed.Not for the benefits of wealth and material objects because quite frankly, I've NEVER been rich and I've NEVER had many material things to fascinate myself and others with.I simply desire a comfortable life and the road ahead sometimes look bleak when you start imagining your life at 55 and beyond.Going into the "golden years" without a retirement plan and/or a nest egg is NOT a good and happy feeling I assure you.True, I will be 36 come June.True, I'm not too old to change my ideas and plans.True, I can make something happen when I find what I'm searching for and feel comfortable with but...and there is always a but...I know that time is against us all.It feeds off despair and doubt.It loves to consume us from the inside out and that is why so many fail.We surrender to the haunting cries of the future before we've had a chance to overcome our own insecurities for what is most important: today.On a happier note: I am going back to Louisiana this weekend to see my best friend, Tammy and her family.I am also hoping to visit with my folks who have been under the weather of late.Another reason to take life as it comes because as we all grow older, we grow frail and weak.Because of what I want out of life, what I want to show others that I could do, I want my family to be around long enough to see my success.To beproudof me.And in some darkened corner of my imaginative mind, I, too, want to wallow in that prideful bath just once.Just f**king once.
There's another damn Worm making a name for itself. This one's notiby titled: Sasser.I never have been able to comprehend the purpose behind these worms.The culprits are usually mad at the world and/or Microsoft for whatever reason or other.Sounds like a bunch of "can't get laid" losers with nothing better to do than to create and mastermind a computer virus to infect thousands of computers across the globe only to have their ambitions squashed in one swift blow from an anti-viral program designed by the wizards at Microsoft.Then again, if there truly be wizards in this realm, why the HELL can't they create a fortified defense that will make these virus programs obsolete when they are injected into the mainframes of most worldwide computer systems?Of course, not every computer has a firewall setup which I recommend and the Microsoft siteurlLinkhas the tools to setup such a firewall or you can order a free CD with security updates and tools to help safeguard your system.Beyond that, I think the person(s) responsible merely wish to have their handywork reveled on TV by the media circuit which usually occurs at least once or twice every half hour on CNN/Fox/etc.Then, a few days later it's nothing more than a faded memory.Much as a virus is to the human body who quickly recovers with the right dose of medicine.On a more personal note, my Temp job ended yesterday at 5:30 PM.I was not even informed at work.I had to come home with aspirations for a full week of data entry and there it was: a phone message which I quickly responded to only to learn that my services were "no longer required by the company" and so, I became unemployed once more.I like to think that I did my best and maybe I did it too well because I finished much of their backlog of data entries that had been carried over for months in less than a week.I always knew these hands were meant for more than just giving pleasure to a guy but I never realized that I would be able to zero in on a compounded data issue and complete the task at "hand" so quickly.I guess you might say that I have time on my hands.(Okay, bad use of a pun but it was a rotten end to a perfectly good Monday yesterday to discover you are no longer "needed")Today, I'm keeping busy with inspecting other prospects and refining my resume to include my most recent work experience and also, to take in retrospect my ongoing mission here in Texas.Much like Captain Kirk once did, I alone sit in the captain's chair and I pilot this f**king ship.Now if I could just navigate myself through the next "worm hole" I'd be fine and dandy.(I met them once, you know?Fine.Dandy.Twins from somewhere in Florida I believe.Or maybe I simply dreamed them.Damn.)Sasser indeed.
When do you really (and I meanREALLY ) come to know someone?When do the secrets that have been left untold come to light?What darkened path has someone you know and care for been walked upon?Where is the truth of who this person really and truly is?If trust is a fortress that one cannot fully dismantle then distrust is a foe who lingers in the cracks of that fortress.It is a sickness that has no vaccine.A cure?Perhaps.But there is no safeguard against the ability to "mask" our true intentions when there is a profit to be gained in terms of getting what one wants and the desire to make it happen on more than one occasion.A friend enters your life.He (or she) is an enigma because there is nothing apparently written across their face that details their intentions for the friendship.We simply have no choice but to place our trust in what they say and do.We do this because they either fascinate us in ways we crave to be fascinated or we are simply in need of companionship of any caliber because of something that has torn a hole in our fortress and have no recourse but to satisfy ourselves with the transparency of friendship when in truth it is a facade that one cannot pre-determine in one chance meeting; be it online or offline.Their written words, detailed in an email, lift our spirits.They ignite our ambitions to come to know the true self that has thus far escaped us.We seek to solve the mystery of who this person is.We need information.We need to be certain.We risk what we are unable to bargain with at first because the uncertainty that exists is slowly killing us from the inside out.We feel the need to wander helplessly into the darkness that surrounds this person whose past eludes us.We are strangers but we do what we must to lift the veil of the unknown, the unsolved and the undeniable urge to touch the heart and soul of the mystery itself.Come what may, the power that the mystery emits is a temptation few could ever dare to escape from and if one could escape -- what would have been the benefits of such a struggle to begin with if not for the underlying mystery of this new person in our life?Solving this mystery is sometimes as fun, if not as exciting, as chasing after the chance to discover just what the mystery might have to offer us in the days, weeks and months to come.This stranger who has cascaded into our lives from whatever means; internet, acquaintance, chance meeting, a set-up, etc., carries with them a certain amount of prospective hope that might well develop into something more.Something greater than friendship.Something deeper than love (if that is possible).The journey is a long one in some cases.In others it is a swift blow to one's ego and dignity.We are fools in the game of "happenstance".We know no better because we are thrilled by the sudden burst of attention with merely a first and last name to classify the other person as even existing.We are expecting the good to overcome the bad and in the briefest of moments, we are each victims to the wild sensation that whatever we have in common will surely catapult the two of us, friend and likewise, to a new level of existence.We believe and dramatically bask in the glory of the fact: we arenotso alone after all.So, who is this person who has taken our attention?What secrets do they carry beneath their skin so soft, so pure, so human?What pains have they suffered and dare not recall for pity's sake?What love has been lost in their dried tear stains upon their pillows?Who is the mysterious and what is the mystery that awaits one to solve because without the foundation of friendships borne out of a chance meeting, what is the meaning of the mystery behind the reason we are even here at all?Risk the emotional pull to know the person who has captivated your mind and heart into a state of excitement and thrill.Chances taken might be worth the effort in the end and one can only ponder upon the long-term possibilities.Seek out the mystery as though it were your own to solve.The secrets we hold close to our hearts are sometimes shared by another who has walked upon that same darkened path of yesterday and before.Who knows .... together you just might find the answers to your own questions that you've been seeking for so very long now. 
Visited my parents for Mother's Day.We BBQ'ed and gifts were given and as we ate, we talked and talked some more and then, it was time to return home.After five hours on the road, my bed never felt so good to lay in once more.While in Louisiana, I also visited with my best friend, Tammy and her parents.It was nice to see her again as I've missed "cutting up" with her.We have always been close as we've known each other for nearly 12 years now.She and I have been through a lot together and somehow we've managed to remain close even when I had moved so far away.Those friends are indeed hard to find and keep these days.I did not come back alone.I brought with me some more of my things that had been kept in storage since September of last year.In two weeks I return once again and gathering together what I hope to be the last of my stuff and again, put into storage here in Hurst.One day before long I'd love to have a place big enough forALLof my things.One day....Sifting through some of those boxes that were brought back I found myself captured by memories of old.Postcards and old photos of my "past" life.It is a somber afterthought because of so many years invested with that person.So many plans made that never came to pass.So many nights spent wondering about "what if" and moments shared enraptured by intimacy where you imagined that the two of you were the last survivors of some natural disaster left on earth.Okay, maybe it was not that deep but it sure as hell felt good while engaged in the entanglement of what was once upon a time considered "love making".Still, to this day, I find myself locked in a battle with myself over the expression of another's touch.Why does it feel so strange at times?True, we all feel differently and yet, how far did the touch go when felt?One can only wonder now.There are new experiences to savor these days however.A look across the room and you suddenly realize you are no longer alone.Happiness is like a falling star.You see it, you reach for it.You catch it and you own the world. Yourworld.As for the mementos of old?I trashed them without a second thought and that was that.
 1. What year was the best year of your life?1995 2. One animal or insect that Noah should have left off the ark?That damn green-filled bug that smashes into my windshield doing 60 every evening. 3. Do you make a wish before blowing out your birthday candles? What's the point? The fact that I made it to another birthday is good enough for me. 4. Do you generally open your bills on the day that you receive them?Well, like, yeah. 5. How many pillows are on your bed?Five.But I only sleep on one of them; the one without the most filling.Don't ask me why. 6. Favorite ice cream flavor?Cookie Dough. 7. What is the most dominate color in your wardrobe?Neutral colors of late but usually blue and/or gray. 8. Have you ever seen a ghost?No; although I have felt the sensation that someone was watching me. 9. Would you rather go to a carnival or circus?Carnival. Circus people scare me in more than one way.10. Favorite meal: breakfast, lunch, or dinner? Dinner.It's the one where I can take my time to eat and talk about my day. 11. Your favorite fictional animal?The Phoenix. 12. Have you ever flown first-class?Coach and I can bring onboard my own peanuts thank you. 13. Would you go on a reality show?Isn't Life reality enough? 14. Are you more optimistic or pessimistic about the future? Pessimistic but then I know I have reasons not to be. 15. Pancakes or waffles?Pancakes with strawberry perserves. 16. If you could own a home anywhere in the world, where would it be?Sydney, Australia. 17. Your favorite Soup of the Day?Potato Soup with a dash of cream cheese on top. 18. What site is a must see for all visitors to your city?Considering that Roanoke has but 3800 people living here, I would assume the best place to visit would be the gas station whereby those who do manage to find their way here can ask for directions back to civilization. 19. Can you recommend a good restaurant in your city?The Prairie House; which I haven't eaten at but heard it is quite good. 20. You go to the zoo; What is the one animal that you want to see? Why must we cage animals for entertainment? I thought we did that to humans for crimes against their own kind.Aren't we punishing animals for merely existing? 21. Potatoes, rice, or pasta; Which is your favorite?Pasta.Although, twice baked potatoes are quite delicious. 22. What is the best movie that you've seen this year?Rented "Under the Tuscan Sun".Hey, I'm a sucker for hopeless romantics. 23. One of your favorite books when you were a child?Wrinkle in Time. 24. What in your life are you most grateful for?My ability to write a good story anyone can believe in. 25. You are home alone and use the bathroom; do you close the door?Usually. 26. What is your favorite small appliance?I'm holding it right now.Vvvrrrrrrr..... 27. Salty snacks or sweet treats?Salty followed closely behind with something sweet. 28. Are you usually a little early, a little late, or right on time?Early. I like to get it done and over with and have time to do it again.(We are talking about productivity right?) 29. What is the most daring thing that you have ever done?To reveal this would most assuredly stain my squeaky clean reputation. 30. Have you ever met someone famous?Uh, no. 31. What was one of your favorite games as a child?Checkers. 32. At what age have you looked your best?22. 33. One person that never fails to make you laugh?It's a tie: Robert and Cookie. 34. What was the first music that you ever bought?Michael Jackson: Thriller 35. If you could change one thing about your family life when you were a child, what would it be? I wish my parents had made different choices whereby I could have stayed in one school for a complete year rather than three in nine months.Plus, I wish that I had a chance to speak my mind but I was too young to challenge them I suppose.36. What is the one thing that you cook that always receives compliments?Smothered pork chops with garlic. 37. From what news source do you receive the bulk of your news? What?News is actual? 38. In the last calendar year, how many people have you told that you love them?Three (two are male and one is female, my best friend). 39. Who recieved your first kiss?Keith.My best friend in high school who later married and is the father now.Oh well, I kissed better than he did anyhow. 40. The single most important quality in a mate?Ability to communicate. 41. What do you value most in a relationship?Honesty and of course, TIME. 42. Do you believe that you have a soulmate?I believe there is someone for everyone.Whether it is defined by a soul connection or not, I do not know. 43. Do you consider yourself well organized?Quite. 44. On average, how many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?I have never liked mirrors. 45. Did you ever make a prank phone call?No but I've hung up on more people than I care to count right now. 46. What one quality do you seek in a friend?Loyalty. 47. Have you ever killed an animal?Not that I can remember.I love animals too much. 48. When you were twelve years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?A writer. It's still my lifelong dream. 49. Do you believe in a afterlife?Maybe that's why it's called "afterlife".We aren't meant to know for sure if it exists or not and if it does or doesn't, there is no coming back. 50. What would you like to accomplish with the remaining years of your life? I want to be happy again. I want a home to call my own and share with someone.I want to retire before I'm too old to enjoy my golden years. I want to write a book about my life experiences and I want to see a foreign country at least once before my age-old eyes close one last time.
What a week this has been thus far and here it is only Wednesday.First, my former employer calls up and asks for me to return to work for them.They gave me 8 hours to decide.My temporary assignment must have impressed them or something because when I was certain that I would never return there to work but I was mistaken.Monday morning I returned to work and so far, I'm doing all and more of what they would have me do.Yes, the pay remains the same.Then, last night another company calls me after I had a phone interview last week with them.I have an interview with them, face to face, on Friday afternoon.On top of this, I've been having some problems with my chest hurting.I think I may have done too much with some weights recently or I'm just not using them correctly.Whatever the case may be, it hurts like hell at times.The last two or three days I've not done any major exercise and maybe that'll help somewhat.Monday night I heard from my Ex.Seems he injured himself during a baseball game and was due to have surgery yesterday.I wished him a speedy recovery.Maybe I should send a get-well card?Nah.In many ways, all that I have become since moving here to Fort Worth is because of what I have experienced in the past ten years of my life.I have dreams.Goals that far exceed the norm but I just can't seem to focus on them lately.I have this dream of success but not sure right now what that success should engross.Personally, I have both new and older friends and a special someone to thank but spiritually, I'm lacking and I know this more than most might imagine.It's not that I don't believe in God.I simply wonder what's the purpose of my life at this juncture.Or maybe I'm rushing the outcome of it all because I truly and deeply fear The Long Sleep that's never-ending.Will anyone remember me?Will anyone recall that I influenced their life at one point or another?Will they notice that I'm no longer around?I guess I could spend the remainder of my life seeking to please everyone else but myself.I could take for granted love as I have in the past and have nothing to show for it in the end.I could do many things as I have done in the past and be no better off but if I continue to live in regret I'll never know what the other side of the coin has to offer unless I flip it over and take chances and risks where they are needed most.There are many roads to travel in life because we each make choice we have no idea what will become of them down one of those untraveled roads we must venture upon.We cast our luck into the wind and hope for the best.We can only make the best possible decision based on the circumstances at that particular moment.The rest is up to consequence and the ever-changing realm of possibility that forever evolves to suit the needs of Fate in this unbalanced universe of ours.Crashing back to earth now....Received aPS 2as my "early" birthday gift (June 18th is the official date for all those wishing to send me an Ecard for my Bday).Thanx Tony.Love you!Return to Louisiana this weekend to gather together the remainder of my things in storage.A collection of boxes and what not that have been kept in a tin building at a storage facility since September of 2003.I guess you can say that after this weekend, everything I have will be a little closer to where I now reside.I'll sleep better at night knowing this.Found a really cool bookstore,Half Priced Books , and have begun collecting books again.I am hoping to read some this summer.I love books.Also want to find a nice little cafe somewhere that I can escape to for an hour or so and maybe, just maybe, begin writing again.Something worthy of my talent to put words to paper if you will.Something with substance.Something ... inviting to the imagination.Reader beware.Don't laugh but I plan to go and seeShrek 2!very soon.Call me a 'kid at heart'.God knows that I haven't aged in the last ten years.Just wait, they say.It'll catch up to you one day real soon.Like all things I suppose, we can't escape every aspect of time and destiny.
Where does the time go when you realize that you haven't taken a moment to write, relax or just contemplate the meaning of life?Okay, scratch that last bit of mind boggling bulls**t.It's not worth it.Trust me.I've tried and I didn't get very far with the "contemplating".Dental appointment today.Had to have a filling redone.That's always fun I'm sure if you're used to that type of torture with plastic and metal being shoved into your mouth and all you can do is peer into space because there isn't a whole lot else to do but sit tight and enjoy the ride.Such as it is.I go back in July to have some crown work done.After that I should be right as rain as they say.At least from the dentist's prospective.Tonight's menu: SOUP.Returned from Louisiana on Saturday night with my things in tow.One U-Haul trailer full.Barely a 5 by 8.HowPATHETICis that?All my furniture I left behind in Atlanta shortly before I moved to Louisiana where I stayed with my best friend for nearly six months.Then, I meet this really nice guy named Tony and here I am.In Roanoke, Texas; population 5,100 and a few cows.My job is still going well.I'm still coordinating loads with carriers nationwide.Making certain all is well in the world of Transportation.When they're happy, my boss is happy and when my boss is happy, I get to return to work the following day.I'm still dreaming about tornadoes.A book referencing dreams said that it was due to "repressed anger or unrelinquished desires to express anger over former events pertaining to a wounded heart or soul".Huh, well, like, yeah!Received word from my Ex the other night.A voice message actually.If you might recall, he injured himself playing baseball recently and had to have surgery resulting in crutches and the likes.Well, seems he fell down the stairs a few nights later.FYI: I didn't push him.He says he's okay.Stitches, light concussion and some bruising.Beyond that, I can only hope some sense got knocked into him.Either that or his current boyfriend really has grown tired of sleeping in the wet spot. Question:Why is it when a "gay" guy who is single, or supposedly so, discovers that "you" are not single, he seems to forget you exist or no longer has contact with you?Is this "person" not willing to be merely friends?Or is there some other motive that escapes the normalcy of two gay men getting to know one another WITHOUT having sex?Inquiring minds would like to know.Myself counted amongst them. Question #2: What is a good read this summer?Any suggestions out there?
Another week has gone by and I seem to have neglected my writing time once more.I have no excuse really.Just work, sleep, eat and do the entire routine over again the next day.That's the sum of one's life in most cases though I suppose.That's not to say that I don't have a life because quite frankly, I do.I just tend to neglect certain avenues of that "life".Such as: writing on my blogsite.I'm guilty as charged.Last night, we had some very turbulent weather.A brilliant lightshow though with the lightning.It crossed the sky, shot downward from cloud to ground, manuevered all around as though the bolts were strings aglow.It was pretty but very dangerous I might add.And here we were standing alongside a metal railing with my feet wet and gazing up at the sky and saying "ooh and aahh".Go ahead, say it.Idiots.During the storm, we watched "The Others".I had seen it before.Tony had not.Man, we both jumped off that sofa a few times.Lightning and thunder all around outside and a freaky movie playing in the dimly lit living room made for one of those "anti-romantic nights".He loved the movie, by the way.Of course, during the course of the storm, and while we were outside viewing it firsthand, we also got a glimpse or two of our neighbors in a whole new light.Drapes flown open.Naked bodies floating around.It was a sight to behold...if you're into that sort of thing but this scene was difficult to ignore: it was viewable from the parking lot and everywhere inbetween.Very very distasteful.Ah, gotta love the country though, right?Do as you please I guess.Or is that: do whomever you please?We grilled on Memorial Day.Nothing too much.The simple things really.It was a nice day though.Took in an arts festival that afternoon.I spent the entire weekend doing as little as possible.I realized that nearly every weekend over the course of a month I had moved, traveled or been into Dallas and this one I wanted to just do nothing.So, I did just that.Nothing.Recently I met some guys online. (No, I wasn't browsing the chat rooms) Two of them are a couple.Have been for nearly four years now.Seem like a nice gay couple who live in neighboring Fort Worth.We'll see where the friendship goes.You have to take things slow I always say with starting new friendships.People of all walks of life enter our lives daily.We sometimes merely judge them too harshly at first though.And some have motives which are not quite visible in the beginning.I think this weekend I'm going to try and catch up with some much needed writing and emails to some people I've not emailed in a while.So if you're one of those unlucky ones who have not heard from me, well, prepare yourself.
 "There are no guarantees in life." This is what my Ex once said to me.In fact, I believe it's safe to say that he said it to me more than once.I don't recall the exact moment(s) when the words left his mouth but I remember them vividly being spoken because I can hear them even now inside my head.Eleven years to the day that we first met. June 12, 1993. Jokingly, I recall replying that death and taxes are but the only certainties in life but I knew full well of what he was referring to.I knew that he was meaning the concept of "love".The chance to embrace it willingly.Openly.Securing the stronghold that would most assuredly be unable to release any given regret over the course of time spent together.I had hoped, at one time, that love could and would conquer all.It is inevitable that we must die but I never dared to imagine that love would filter through the hands of time first.That what had been done to me would extinguish the chance to right the wrongs in another.I tried to make things right but for the battles fought, the love would fade and wither like a rose caught in the midst of a freakish winter blizzard in the midst of May.So, here we are.Miles apart.A partnership fallen by the wayside while our friendship, such as it is, teeters in the balance because of my life that has begun anew within a new place, with a new person.The dream endures however in that love must conquer all even if not with the person who first asked for my trust.Whatever happens from this point on is a story as yet untold.Whatever plots are spoiled and whatever secrets are revealed, there are no true victors in the war of love versus hate.The feelings of old are replaced by memories of the new.The heartaches will suffice in hopes that the scars that remain will easily be forgotten except on days when the matters of the heart seem to overflow and attempt to drown the good of another so close, so very close in terms of an emotion that cannot be undone.Which brings me to another quote spoken by another... "Emotions never killed anyone." Eleven years later, I am given the chance to hear the wisdom of a man who would be king over my heart, my pride and my life.A man who would surely lay down his life to secure my own.A man who would give his last breath to protect that which may be taken from me.Today I reminisce because I choose to do so.I remember words and I remember faces.I recall the visions of the nights when alone I slept.When the echoes of an argument kept at bay the illusions of a dream come true.A dream where happiness elopes with eternity.I woke to find that the dream had not yet come to be and the dawn was quickly approaching.Reaching outward, I found myself still alone.In a world that I alone did not create.In a room that I alone could not furnish with materialistic ambitions because I had none left to offer him.Perhaps there are no guarantees in life.Perhaps emotions never did kill anyone.But just maybe the life we decide to live, the path we choose to take will guarantee that we are given a second chance to feel, to love and to die happier than we ever dared to imagine possible.Come what may, there are but twenty-four hours in a single day.A year in waiting is but another day away and so, one need not continue to count the number of days left behind but instead, the days left to behold.Tomorrow is right where we belong.May it find us content.May it find us deserving.May it find us willing tobelieve .~G. 
I hear her cryingoften times late at night, just after the tempest after[his]last thunderous word foregone of his last triumph to prove [he] is master, what a man he must be or so he deceitfully believesI wonder why she remains often times just before dawn just before he wakes after a night of crying, pleading for the storm to subside for his anger to dissolve to hear him say he is sorry,fully knowing it is a lie secretly knowing[it]will never dieI hear her asking why often times but no one else can hear the prayer, the sedated voice of a hundred fathoms is what I hear what I feel through the walls that separate me from her, in so many ways on far too many daysI hear her crying often times late at night when all else has failed when the love has turned to hate but still she remains and she devotes as he thunders and through the lies for each tear that must descend so does the hammer, and I wonder why she remains obediently his. 
Thrusting bursts of passion escaped from his unique bounty of despair.He was enthralled by the sheer magnitude of the attention.The pleasure.The touch of another.The sensual taste of an emotion given substance.The night would be long indeed.The two lay there side by side as if there were no space left to dominant.The closeness rose the temperature between the two to a degree above that of a sunburst.Sweat kept them working together as though they were a well-oiled machine void of age or strain.It made the friction decisively enjoyable.There they lay.There they wept with the makings of a night spent entangled as one.Hands conquered the absence of voice.Words were not needed here.Laughter in the soul could not escape with the sound of a whisper since the only way to release such an echo of remorse for the nights spent in seclusion could only be shared with the vibrations of moaning and the apparent aftereffect of movement deep within where sound cannot be found.It can only be sparingly focused through the touch of fingers and the texture of one's lips.Harder they fall.Faster they tumble.Friction burns away the bittersweet moments of a past life left behind.A chance to redeem what has been forsaken without a chance to repeat the same mistakes as before.The door remains closed but the room is shared by two now rather than one less lonely heart.Beating of two hearts ravage the silence of the night.Sheets draped across the bed express their journey thus far.It is a measure of two souls desiring freedom.Craving the passionate offering of another who cannot be denied.Feeling the other inside has no equal.Thrusting one's fingers into the cracks of another's hand cannot be duplicated spiritually because their souls cannot be unmade here in this moment.A climatic overture to a night spent making love for the first time.... all over again. 
 Yesterday was my 36th birthday. I celebrated it with Tony who surprised me with a dozen roses, a huge strawberry cheesecake, cards and a very nice game entertainment system.We later dined at a Japanese restaurant and spent the remainder of the evening talking and soon, sleep fell upon us and the end of my birthday came and went without a single incident of regret, remorse or denial.My coworkers bought me a cake, a card and a nice gift.My best friend at work, Leslie, treated me to lunch.The rest of my friends sent me emails, phone messages and cards to make note of my "special" day.But there was one dark cloud hanging near.A card, a gift from my Ex.The words inside the "miss you" card hit nearly too close to home and it made me feel, I don't know, distant from the past as much as it made me nearly wanting to ask why now?What more must I do to separate the pain from the reality that life has moved on for me?Does he still long for the connection we once shared through hell and high water? Or is he simply lonely now?Perhaps, and Tony's best guess: My Ex is jealous, or envious, of what I have found once again within myself and within the scope of another who has come to surround me with their offerings of their life and their contributions there inside.Envy.It is a deadly emotion.A powerful and addictive concoction which has not true equal because it forever outlives all things that matter so little to the one who must pave their world around "fear", "jealousy" and "doubt".In the end, there is only the darkness eating them from the inside out.Regret settles in for the long haul.You die a little inside each and every day.And then...it is over and you are forgotten because you struggled to hold onto a love, a person, a memory for far too long.Birthdays are meant to relish in the ambiance of what has been given to each of us:LIFE .What some of us do not realize however is that as fragile as life is when given, it is equally fragile in the instant it is in danger and can be so easily stripped from our grasp without a moment's notice.This has been no more apparent than with the recent death, no, murder, of Paul Johnson, an American who had family, friends and a life.If anything, we, as a nation who consistently takes things, including our everyday lives, for granted should take note of such a horrendous loss of life in a country so far from our own.There are no tomorrow's because just when you think you've reach it, when you have the chance to lay your hands upon it, tomorrow is still what we come to call "today" and that's merely the day after yesterday. ~ G. 
Woke up early this morning.Found someone in my kitchen preparing breakfast for me.And surprise! It was someone I recognized.That's a joke, of course. But there was breakfast being prepared for me this Sunday morning.Afterwards, we took in a movie. Shrek 2 .Very cute movie.Made me laugh and I needed the laughter bug to bite me today.The remainder of the day was spent just browsing the aisle of the grocery store looking for something sweet to buy and nibble on.I found some Molasses cookies. And no, I haven't tried them yet.Soon maybe.Ventured to Home Depot and purchased my father a gift card for Father's Day next Sunday.He's one of those type of dad's who loves to mingle inside Home Depot and he's always found something to tinker with at home or someone's home. My father is retired now of course. He's in his mid-60's but still finds time and the energy to do little jobs around the house.I'm sure my mother is grateful because it keeps him out of her hair.But on the same hand, I know that in many ways she's glad and lucky to have him in her life.This upcoming week will be there 39th wedding anniversary.And come Friday, it will be my 36th birthday.(So any and all gifts are to be sent to .... just kidding).My parents met in Florida at a party I believe the story goes.They seemed to have hit it off right away and continued to see one another over the next few weeks and months.One thing led to another and before long, they were preparing to get married.Three years later, I came into the picture.A bundle of joy, as it were.I am the oldest of three children.I believe, non-foolishly, that I am also the most responsible and well-mannered of the three. I take respect very seriously and have always shown my parents the utmost respect and though I did not always agree with their decisions about where we were to live and what we was expected of us in school, I always did my best to settle the imbalance of keeping my thoughts to myself and not "rock the boat" sort of speak.As I have come to watch my parents grow older, I realize that there are a few characteristics in them that I possess even now.A glimpse if you will into the life I shall come to know in my later years.True, wisdom is attainable when we are least aware of what we stand to gain from the experiences of the past but we are so very lucky to have the chance to know the differences between expressing yourself and keeping your mouth shut.As for my siblings, they are in separate stages of their lives at the moment and though I do not always see eye to eye with their decisions, I can honestly say that whatever they do, it is only for them to rectify with the onset of the results of their choices.Of course, as long as they don't disrespect my parents I'm okay with whatever they do.I can only hope that one day, when I'm older and wiser, that the respect I have given will be returned in kind by those who once tested my wits and patience.Something that we as children of our parents tend to do. Happy Anniversary, Mom and Dad. ~G. 
Have I ever wrote about my e-pal who lives in Russia?I guess I haven't.Well, one day while I was sitting at my computer, minding my own business as I usually try to do, I receive an email from this guy who lives in Russia.He had found my email address throughGay.com( some of you might have heard of that little gay site ).He wrote to tell me that he liked the way my profile was worded.Honest like.True to heart.Etc.I took it to mean a compliment but I suspicious.Why?Well, for one thing it was from someone who lived faraway.Second, I thought it was just a prank designated by gay.com to solicit email addresses and so forth, so on.Lastly, I didn't believe that someone so far from the United States could possibly have the urge or desire to write someone whom they had never met or spoken to.We've written to one another since then.Not too often though.He doesn't have a computer and his access is quite limited at times.So we exchange emails about once every two weeks but so far, he has lived an interesting life.His family past is equally interesting to me.I love history.I also love a mystery as most who know me have come to realize.A mystery that I feel the need to solve.A feeling that something must be discovered to be sincere and genuine.Something real.Something truthful.Something lasting.Of course, we all have a mystery inside.A secret we've never spoken of to anyone; not even a best friend or most trusted confidant.Something that even our partners do not know or could not truly accept or understand.Which brings me to the rest of my purpose for writing this blog entry this evening.Out of the blue, yesterday as a matter of fact, I decided to write someone I have not spoken nor written to in many months.A friend whom I met nearly four years ago on the Net but have never seen face to face.A friend I call him because he's heard me at my worst and likewise, I have been there on the phone and computer for him when he needed me most.A friend who lives a 1,000 miles away but nonetheless, a friend whom I once valued and respected.Now, don't get wrong.I didn't lose respect and he's not lost any value.I just sort of pushed him out of my life because I in some ways I had become envious of his success.You see, we both started out writing stories and sharing them across the Net.He had originally written many things before I came along and so had I but our connection with the common interest of writing and books became even more apparent when we realized that we enjoyed the stories the both of us had to share.However, he pursued his dream.I did not.Last year he sold his story and it is now on the market.He's currently working on a second book and doing other literary events here and there.In the end, he's making a name for himself.There is more to this of course.In the past, when I was involved with my previous partner, my relationship with this "writer" was misunderstood.You see, there were things that I could tell "A" that I could not bring myself to speak of to my partner.It was not that I feared his reaction so much as I began to realize he wasn't truly listening to me when I needed him to the most.Eventually this was proven true when he fell out of love with me and in love with a best friend.And no, our communication skills had never been normal and probably never would have been.Some things are just not meant to be I guess.Of course, it should be added here that my relationship did NOT fail simply because of a lack of communication.We had very little in common.As I look back now, I believe it was more physical than emotional and yet, even now I hurt because of the memories that touched my life.But life endures the pain and so must we as well.But "A" replied to my email that I sent to him.I wasn't expecting a response but I received one and it was cordial and full of updates on his life, his mother and his own ended relationship in recent months.Again, we have something in common.And once more, we've opened the door to dialog.Where it will lead is anyone's guess.But I realized shortly after my birthday that time is a peculiar thing.It weaves a web where we are caught up by surprises and secrets.We are vulnerable to fear and envy. Lust and desire.A notion to solve that mystery.To unveil the hidden truth and therefore, find the secret locked within to be not just another doorway to a greater unknown but perhaps .... to discover a clue to finding our destiny, our purpose.Isn't that worth knowing? ~ G. 
Today I burn.Not because Hell is nipping at my heels but because of an intense sunburn that I received over the weekend.Let me tell you the story; condensed format.We decided to venture out and do some sightseeing. We ended up in a small town called Glen Rose, just south of Fort Worth.Once there we entered the Dinosaur Valley State Park where several dinosaur tracks were left behind from the past.Very cool.Around this park is a hiking trail.Several miles of it actually.So we crossed the small river and began hiking.No sun-screen, no hat and very little water.Three hours later...we end our journey where we began it and I was burned.No, perhaps the better word would be: cooked?Sleeping wasn't too bad.Taking a cold shower wasn't too bad...I've taken several of those in the past and not from the results of a sunburn.But going to work fully dressed was a bitch.Throughout the day I felt the symptoms of nausea and dizziness.I grew cold one minute and sweating the next.I know I'm to blame in the end and believe me, I will adjust that scenario for a later time and place when the next event outside the apartment is planned.Sun-screen.Hat.Plenty of liquids.Preferably a cooler day that the one on Sunday wouldn't be bad either.Did I have fun?Well, yes.Would I do it again?Well...maybe in October?Sunday night brought about a special dinner.We baked a huge lasagna, one of my favorite dishes.Five cheese lasagna actually.It made me recall the ones that my aunt used to bake.Man, did her kitchen smell good for hours on end.Those were the good days.The simple days.The memorable days.My aunt is still alive.She now resides in Idaho Falls.Far from where I live.But she remains close to my heart as of all my aunts I've known and met, she remains my favorite.My parents are actually driving up to see her as I write this.They should arrive sometime late tonight as it is an 1800 mile drive from south Louisiana to Idaho.They take with them my good tidings and well wishes of course but a part of me wishes that I could go and visit.To see the mountains and rivers.To taste REAL mashed potatoes.In other news...I have been given some deep thought into writing again.I mean, really writing again.Using my imagination rather that letting it be wasted on the concept that whatever I have to say will fall on deaf ears.A mistake I assure you because without the stories we, as writers, have to tell, who would we be without them?The fantasy, the excitement, the drama, the love and all that ensues in the struggle between life and death.Each one a part of the next.Each facet of a grand design with a twist thrown in for good measure until the climatic overture is played out and the hero or heroine saves the day and lives happier ever after.Ahem, okay, so I get carried away sometimes.I have also tried to imagine the opportunity of what might happen if I were ever given the chance to truly write a book.Even a graphic novel, which is what I really want to see in print.How would I encompass the thrill and the imaginative power that dwells inside?Could I do it justice with the right artist and storyboard?Who would be my largest and most devoted fan base?Would it sell?As much as I find a reason to be optimistic about an idea such as writing a story from scratch, I find at least a hundred reasons NOT to be and therefore, the ideas that I have trapped inside my head remain just that: trapped.A secret that most will never come to know perhaps.A secret amongst many but a secret nonetheless.Pessimism and fear seem to go hand in hand.It is apparent with all that I have set out to do.Even my relationships, all three of them, have been affected by the sincerest form of pessimism.Will he love me forever?Will he come home tonight without someone else's phone number shoved discretely into his back jean's pocket?Will I feel that sense of security of knowing that the spark is real and that the man I have fallen head over heels in love with is there to stay?Writing a book is no different in my mind.Characters come and go.They range from handsome to downright cruel.They motivate.They destroy.But they never fade from memory entirely.In the end, I have only myself to blame if I do not accept the challenge and if I should fail, then at the very least I tried.Perhaps the ideas that I have can be filtered through a process by which the reality is accessible with time and a higher intelligence. Perhaps the storyboard will make perfect sense once the idea itself is laid out for the world to envision upon the black and white print that seemingly has no end.It looks like rain tonight.It's cooler at least this evening which is a rarity here in Fort Worth.I may even sleep better than I was allowed to last night.The burns will heal.The heart will mend.And the stories I have to tell will be written.Somewhere in-between all of this I'll find the happiness I deserve because it was never lost or hidden from view.It was simply waiting to be recognized.To be called upon.The story continues.... 
The weatherman says it has rained now for 8 of the last 11 days.Suddenly I feel like I'm living in Seattle.By most accounts, this peculiar weather is not readily available to Texas but for some reason which only Mother Nature can appreciate, we're stuck in a rut where a front glides across the state and then, just sits there.Sort of like someone might do for a brief spell at a local drive-thru window at any neighborhood fast food joint.Speaking of 'neighborhood', Spider-Man 2 starts tomorrow.From what I've read and seen, it's due to be much better than the first and though I wasn't a really big fan of the first movie, I have been partial to the comic book for some years now.So, my expectations are of course, dampened by the previous 'sequels' of most blockbuster films.Of course, there are exceptions.The Empire Strikes Back.Aliens.And lastly, Shrek 2.If all goes well and the rain holds off, we're due to go camping this weekend.I haven't been camping in ages.That's years of course.More than four I think.Yeah, at least four, maybe more?Work has been hectic this week and it's only Tuesday.They cut three people from my department and one of them was a good friend of mine.I'm hoping that as a Temp she'll get to return soon but there is always a lot of office politics going on and so, one never knows what the effects are going to be when you are either classed as: 'needed' or 'expendable'.Or even: 'favorite'.It reminds me of a time in the past when I worked for a few places where favoritism ran rampant.It was always a thin line between what should be said and what could be done and yet, the ones who said too much and did too little outlasted most of the rest, hardworking, dedicated crew members.A sad twist of fate however plays in the favor of those who are cut sometimes.The faults of those who remain, the 'favorites' usually spell out their own doom when the numbers begin to roll in and the truth is learned that it was not the 'cut crew members' who were making the mistakes.Of course by then it's too late to correct the error and so, injustice runs deep even at work I suppose.I have been trying my best of late to get the 'writing bug' to bite me.So far no such luck.I believe most of it stems from the uncertainty at work.It's one of the best jobs I've had.It pays well for someone who is starting out at the bottom (no pun intended).It also looks good on my resume or so I keep telling myself.But as we all know, if you can sometimes get your foot in the door, the rest will follow.That or you end up losing a toe.Or the entire foot.Tony and I watched an excellent movie the other evening.'Big Fish'.A Tim Burton film.Without the darkness that he is typically known for.It is a very direct opinion of what our life embodies and what we leave behind when we are gone.The stories we live, the ones we share and the ones we keep in circulation through the blood of our kin is what life is truly all about.Or so the theme of the movie came to be in my mind.It was very emotional at the end.And very meaningful if you sit back and truly think about the things we are able to do and see and remember in our lifetime.I recommended anyone wanting a different take on life to rent it.I don't know what it is but of late I sort of feel like Austin Powers from his second feature.I think I've lost my "mojo".That can't be good, can it?~ G. 
Yesterday, I sawSpider-Man 2 .Most will come away from this sequel with ideas of how good a sequel can be.I came out of it changed inside somehow.Like life cannot wait for one to make it safe and harmonious.We take chances.We take risks to seek out some happiness.We do what we can to make it possible to become a hero others will take note of.Or we die trying.Overall there was a strong message in the movie which made a lot of sense to someone such as myself.I came out of the movie with an idea or two about the future and what should be done to make it possible to where I find the link between the unknown and the uncertain.There is a fine line between those two aspects of the future we cannot foresee and I suppose that in most cases, we seek to hide from the future because we simply fear its results before we've even had a chance to assemble our wits and use a little of that common sense given to each of us.I know that in the real world there are no dedicated heroes who have special abilities such as leaping tall buildings and growing webs out of their wrists ... although I have been in close proximity with someone who I could have sworn made the room turn colder in a matter of seconds.Ice Bitch was probably his name.Moving on....In the real world there are no special powers but there is a renewed value of courage that we seldom seek to uncover in our lives.We become mastered in our ways of doing the same tasks day in, day out.We rarely ask of ourselves to pursue a dream which many have tried in vain to convince us that it can be done or is possible with effort and premeditated conviction about our capabilities.Perhaps we don't need special powers to understand this concept.Maybe we simply need to push ourselves to determine our weaknesses and seek to remedy them somehow.To make the most of what we are given in terms of intelligence and for some of us, our risk-taking properties we sometimes gloat upon.To make the effort worthwhile and in doing so, overcoming the uncertainty of what lies ahead strictly by finding a solution to a dilemma we could not have predetermined and yet, one that we cannot fully allow ourselves to escape from.A hero never runs from his duty and neither should the rest of the human race.Whether we scale tall buildings to save a child from a burning fire or stand in front of artillery fire to safeguard our way of life or even dare to work ten hour days while strapped to a chair made of artificial leather and typing horrendously upon a keyboard made in some foreign land we cannot even pronounce - the ability to rise above diversity knows no bounds.It cannot rival the strength of the human soul.In knowing this, to face the fear of the unknown and overcome it is merely one-half the struggle we endure daily for the sake of proving one's worth and hopefully, making a difference in a stranger's life.Something else I took from the film was the sacrifice we sometimes must make in order to follow our destiny.In the case of the hero, he felt obliged to safeguard the well being of the person he loved most of all.In the case of the everyday man or woman, one should be equally obliged to safeguard those he or she loves but also....him/herself.To not follow your dream, even if it seems so far out of reach and some might not agree with how or where you go with it, would be a travesty because a dream not followed is a dream dying day by day.In the waning years of one's life, some will look back and they will tell stories of what was and what could have been.Regret will caress success and somewhere in the mix, the hope that was and still might be cannot be dismissed with the notion that it was not attainable.It was simply ignored and that is a crime far too horrible to admit to when you could have made a difference in the life of those around you and the life you knew to have been your own and no other.So, I guess what I'm saying is: follow your dreams, follow your heart and be not afraid of what you cannot explain nor deny what you cannot ignore.Go forth and seek the fruits of the world that is and will always be.Make the most of the time given and do not take for granted the chances given because those few chances that are might forever remain out of reach if you do not seek to extend a hand and take what is rightfully yours.Accepting this is but to accept there is a little 'heroism' is us all. ~ G.
Has anyone ever seen a dried, shriveled carcass of an earthworm who met its fate while attempting to make the journey across a hot sidewalk?Tonight, I saw at least two dozen poor souls who never quite made it to the "other side".They reminded me of those curly fries that Arby's offers but I have a feeling that the fries don't mind the heat.The earthworms probably do.Reminds me of an old joke: Why did the chicken cross the road?While I was parading myself down the sidewalk on my way to the mail box and taking notice of the graveyard of sun-dried earthworms, I happened to notice an elderly woman walking briskly ahead.She didn't really seem to be looking where she was going.Her mind seemed some place else.Perhaps on the day's events.Maybe the earthworms bothered her in some pathetic way that touched her emotional side.Or maybe she was thinking back to when she didn't have to live in an apartment.When her and her husband of fifty-plus years shared a home together.Then he died and life for her was altered forever afterwards.Or maybe she misses her grandchildren who live in another part of the country.Summer-time usually brings them closer but with an economy restructuring itself and fuel costs through the roof, her children had to make ends meet at home rather than enjoying a well-deserved vacation here in Texas visiting "grandma".But for some reason, all that I could concentrate on was how she appeared as she continued to walk the beaten path ahead.Her feet never strayed far off their mark.Her gaze was simplified only by the foreknowledge that as fast as she was walking, it wouldn't be long before she would again find herself back inside where the AC would remind her of one of the amenities we have in this day and age.A memory no doubt piercing her heart and mind and suddenly, the thought of the man she once loved who had been taken far too soon from her, returned two-fold to cast a shadow upon her evening stroll.Of course, there is ALWAYS the possibility that this elderly woman was hurriedly making her way back to her apartment in order to return to the man she loved and cared for.A man she looked after now that he was gray and frail.A fragile reminder that love has no true boundaries.Merely bypassing circumstances that cannot be ignored or regrettably, conceived beforehand.As I turned the corner and ventured up the staircase to the breezeway leading to my own apartment, I lost sight of her as well as all of those sun-dried earthworms scattered upon the sidewalk.I entertained a thought or two shortly thereafter about what stories she might have to tell.What legends could be remade into truth.What of the days gone by that never seem the same once you look upon them through older eyes.What of the life you imagined yourself as having when your skin was smooth and pride kept you awake into the dawn of a tomorrow that never would give you what you were secretly hoping to discover.Now here I sit.Typing out those funny little things that most would never think twice to make note of.Thinking about my own life and what has been as well as what will be.Imagining myself older than I am today.Glancing from the faint echoes of what I just remembered to the fresh taste of a summer night when the heat of the day escapes into the unknown above and all those dreams waiting to happen are falling to earth ever so fast.I wait for my turn now.Soon sleep will overtake me.In those brief moments between sunset and sunrise, I will cast aside the skin of a day that has now worn itself out and replace it with the armor I need to defend myself against the new day about to begin.This is the stuff of life.The reason we make amends with our regrets before we come to rest comfortably within our beds.The illusions are cast aside and whatever remains will keep us company until we find ourselves turning the knob to that door leading back outside and walking ever so callously into another day filled with duties, possibilities and perhaps even a glimpse of something as simple as an earthworm who wished for something more, something on the other side, and though it failed to make it across alive .... it did at the very least try.~ G. 
Where are the words when you need them the most?You know the ones.The ones that seem to abandon you when you feel that they and they alone are but the last defense against the onslaught of the world gone wild.Wickedly bent on destroying your sanity.Your life as it were.Then, you wake up and realize life wasn't just a dream ... it was a dream where you allowed yourself to live it to its fullest potential.Fellow bloggers have written me more than once and/or commented in the past about what am I doing to fulfill my dream(s).What am I doing to be content and happy with the dream that I have perched inside a patch of thorns that is: to write.For years now I've came up with well over a hundred and one different excuses not to write (and a few good ones I might add).I would refuse to make time.I would refuse to believe that I could orchestrate a simple legible sentence that would be so meaningful that it might actually send me into writer's shock.Yes, there is something really called: writer's shock.(And I'm sure somewhere out there is a treatment)Of course, when I would have time to write, I would instead spend it reading what others had to say.In doing so, I found that many times over I could write just as good as what had been written by another.I began to second guess myself even further.I found new excuses not to write.And new ways to squander the time that I could have been using to write.Go figure.With changes about to overtake my life once more, I guess that I need to make time to write.To take into consideration the concept of writing a good story and make the most of it while my life writes its own story.A story that I know will one day make sense to a lot of people out there and to the rest?Well, who knows what goes through their minds.For me, at this point in the game, I have little to lose except of course, patience. 
 Jerry Goldsmith, an Oscar- and Emmy-winning film and TV composer died at the age of 75 today.&nbsp;His 200 film scores include: "Alien," "Star Trek: The Motion Picture," "Chinatown," "Patton," "MacArthur," "Planet of the Apes," "L.A. Confidential," "Basic Instinct." "A Patch of Blue," "Poltergeist." "Rambo - First Blood, Part 2" and "Freud."&nbsp;A five-time Emmy Award winner, Goldsmith also received 17 Academy Award nominations over a career spanning nearly a half century.&nbsp;He will be missed by this HUGE fan of movie scores orchestrated by Goldsmith.
I have a confession to make: I began writing portions of this blog entry last night. However, I never actually posted it and there was a reason for this. I was restless I suppose. Yes, even I get restless when I'm writing or wanting to but can't. Just a lot on my mind that seems to take precedence of late I guess you could say. But then, as those of you who know me might say: "What else is new?". (Today's color chart for 'Sarcasm' is:Yellow ) Last evening, I sat down and began typing out whatever it was that I felt I needed to say. I had a few paragraphs written out but I deleted them and started over. Along the way, I became sidetracked by a chat session with a friend of mine who lives out of state and well, I guess by the time my mind became re-focused on anything worth sharing, it was time for bed. Got to love those days when the "wake hours" are less and less in terms of what you do with them productively.I do that from time to time. I begin a project and then, absentmindedly, just quit and go onto something else. Maybe I have a short attention span disorder. OrSASD . Whatever the case may be, I couldn't think of what I wanted to write and even now as I write this I haven't the foggiest idea what the HELL I'm wanting to say except to say something because I feel the need to express myself and there by releasing some much needed tension inside my mind and yes, my body as well.So, here goes....Today, I was indecisive of what I wanted for lunch so I came home and settle for chicken and rice soup for lunch. I was in a hurry by this point because I knew that I had a lot of work to do when I got back so I turned the burner to high and in doing so, I let the soup simmer too long. Thus, it began to boil. Looking at the clock, I realized that I would be late and hungry if I let it sit and cool down enough to where I could eat and I wasn't about to put that into my mouth (though it wouldn't be the first time I put something in my mouth that had no business being there to start with and it probably won't be the last time either). So after a moment, I recalled something someone once had said and I reached into the freezer and took out three large ice cubes and inserted them into the bowl of soup thus making the soup cool down faster hence allowing me to eat lunch and return to work in time.Thank you, Heloise.Speaking of Heloise, does anyone out there think that if there was a title bout between Heloise and Martha Stewart, who would come out on top? (someone out there is going to read this and ask themselves: who the hell is Heloise?) I guess now that we know the scandal with Martha's empire, it would be something to see if Heloise revealed that she never actually wrote any of those hints in newspapers around the country or any of those helpful books that are for sale in local bookstores nationwide. Got to love or hate scandals these days because the media runs with it as though it were a hot potato. And they run far and wide until there is nothing else to talk about. Until we're numb and near the state of being comatose with boredom over hearing the same talk about the same folks. On that note, I won't go any further because I'll have to report my opinions about Bush/Kerry and then there's that whole Michael Moore/9-11 film which no, I haven't seen but I admit, I am curious as to the contents.(Has anyone out there seen this film? If so, what is your opinion/movie critique?) I called and spoke with my father this evening. He's taking this, his upcoming heart surgery, in stride. He seems distracted however. Like he's tired of waiting for the surgeon to pick a day to do the surgery. I guess he'll know for certain when that day is going to be next Tuesday when he and my mom go to the doctor one more time for a one on one meeting. I plan to visit them next weekend. Whether he has surgery or not next week, I want to see them and remind them that I am not so far away that I cannot be there when needed. Today at work, I became bored. This has happened before of course. And I doubt it'll be the last time but today was clearly obvious. I wasn't daydreaming. I was just letting my mind wander off to parts unknown. I began thinking about the future: a dangerous thing I must admit. I had inquired earlier in the day about deposits for utilities for the apartment and I guess in my mind I began doing out a budget once more. Something I'm good at but to be honest, I hate doing one. But you have to do it anywhere you live these days. If not, you go broke and have to move back in with your folks and eat soup that's going to be far too hot and then, you'll reach into the freezer and after dropping a few ice cubes into the bowl, your mother will look at you oddly and ask: " Damn that Heloise ".Now that I think about, I guess that's all I really did have to say.
PART ONE:"Whatever happens now, there is no turning back."All too often, we hear these words and we think to ourselves: What is there to go back to?What once was, can never again be. Whatever you had with someone, it cannot be repeated a second or third or even, a hundredth time over. It simply stands now as a dead-end street where you are only able to turn around and go back to the beginning. Back to where you started out and where you will seek to set things right for yourself.No matter how much you miss the concept of what you two once had, it is not dead in the sense that it cannot be felt again but it will only matter if it is felt with someone new. The old skin is shed and there beneath is the transparent creature you came to know firsthand. Yourself.Light pierces this transparent envelope that is the outer shell we all wear. It is this light that gives rise to reason and makes the difficult choices ahead seem that less darker than the ones we once thought were paramount to our survival years before. Sometimes this light comes from others. Friends. Loved ones. Family members. Spiritual guidance. Other times, it comes from a source that has no true name or definition. It simply is. Perhaps it remains anonymous for the sake of teaching us a lesson about what is truth and what is fiction. What is meant to endure and what is meant to fade with time.The hardest road I've walked has been the one that I've walked upon while side by side with another person in my life. I would always be two steps ahead or one step behind. I sought only to safeguard myself. To run if I felt trapped. To hide if I were getting too close. Never reaching out. Never trying to hold onto that person for fear of what the light would not and could not show me at the end.Loving yourself is always the difficult and most personal tasks we face. Loving another can be nearly as difficult but not impossible. So many times, personally speaking, I've come to love another more than loving myself. I guess it stands to reason that now, here when changes are about to come full circle once more in my life, that I am seeking to find the purpose in my OWN life. The reason to be ME. The definition of what I have to give to myself that cannot be taken from me by another. A chance to know what it is that I have sought to complete my inner-self for so many years now.Is it a place, person or thing? An event perhaps? A part of the whole that the light has not yet touched?....so many questions remain.A journey lies ahead of me. A journey where I will either succeed in the task at hand or...fall to the fears of what could have been made better. Hand in hand, I don't walk alone because I know now that I have friends, family and loved ones who have not abandoned me. They are still there; watching me go through life and hoping that at the end, I find whatever it is that I have been seeking to make myself whole and content.Happiness eludes us when we dare to look behind.That is the best and simplest way I can explain how I feel today.PART TWO:Last night, I had the chance to catch a scary movie. "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The remake version. I literally jumped a few times off of the floor (I was lying there all curled up and feeling vulnerable while there in the darkness). I had seen the original years ago. But this one had some scary points that made me shiver. Surprise jolts of the unknown I guess you might say. Overall, I recommend it for renting if you have nothing else to do but plan a trip across Texas in the middle of summer and you find yourself off the beaten path (i.e. main highway, which I recommend you NEVER lose track of).PART THREE:Yesterday, I continued my search for the "perfect" apartment. Well, maybe not so perfect but at least: liveable? Not an easy task when so many places are mismanaged. Oh, the front part of the complexes look divine, safe and clean. But you drive around back and there waiting in the wings is a whole other story to be told.The amount of rent is yes, important but there are many many other factors to consider. Safety. Convenience. The grounds. Maintenance. Lease incentives. The list goes on and on.How will it feel to live on my own again after nearly twelve years of being a part of someone else's life? It will feel .... different. I cannot say just now what it will actually be like because to be honest, I don't know yet. I won't know until I get there and start restructuring my life. Not to say that my life is in disarray but ... it needs fixing. Repairs. Some assembling required. Some of you know of what I speak of. Some may not and of those, I envy you one and all.As they always say though: Time will tell the tale.PART FOUR:My father's health has not been that great in recent days and weeks. Half of his heart is no longer able to receive the amount of blood it should in order to function properly. So, after much consulting and many tests, he is due to have bypass surgery in the next few days. There are many who have this type of surgery performed daily and survive years further. If he does not have this surgery, he's been informed that his life expectancy will be cut by two-thirds in the first 3 to 6 months and within a year, he would be dead. Nothing like a jolt of reality to make you decide on the correct and most suitable course of action.Naturally, my mother is concerned. But then, so are the rest of us. Over time you become aware of your own mortality. You perceive that you have the right to live through whatever comes your way and then, a quickened dose of that mortality is given to you tenfold with a spoonful of medical boo-hah (aka jargon) and you start to take into consideration the pro's and con's of what lies ahead of you if you do not take the necessary steps to remedy the dilemma you face. In this case, it is the "heart" that is the matter.Medical science has transcended the dark ages by leaps and bounds. We are a society that thrives on living longer and though we do not always succeed in this venture; we have the means to correct the abnormalities in us all. Living right. Taking care of our mental state and as the ole saying goes: eating an apple a day keeps the doctor away.Personally, I prefer bananas and pineapples.PART FIVE:I need a vacation. I haven't been on a true to heart vacation in well over four years now. I think I need one to escape from the normalcy of the rat race we each face daily. I know that I need one to sort through some issues on a personal level. I can only hope that soon I'll be given that chance to take some much needed time off and from there, find a place in the corner of the world where I'll be served a mixed drink in the sand while watching the sun go down and just as the horizon treats to me a wonderment of illusion come alive, I'll let my toes touch the boundaries of salt water and I'll know one thing for certain: Life is good.~ G.
 My father's surgery was postponed until Monday. I decided to come down early and spend a few days with him and my mother. The doctor called today while I was here. He said all looked good and he would be looking forward to making sure that everything proceeded as planned regarding my father's bypass surgery.My father seems at ease about it. Of course, if he has any apprehension, he wouldn't show it openly. But I can understand the fears he might have. Which is why I'm trying to be upbeat about this. And I'm his son. It's my chance to prove that despite the mistakes I've made and the choices in life that I have made, I remain more than just his flesh/blood. I remain an heir to his wisdom and adventures from years gone by.I will of course let everyone know how things go on Monday. I return to work on Tuesday. That is, if everything goes well here with my father and I predict nothing but good news and a man with a renewed lease on life.Beyond this, I've been furniture shopping for several days now. Last night, I managed to locate a bed. Also found another large but very nice mirror to add to my wall. I've never been a big fan of mirrors but of late, I've begun to accept that looking at myself in one will not cause it to crack and/or break. Funny to think that at my age, I still have/had concerns about my self-image but I guess living in the "gay" world, it's to be expected.So many things are "good looking need only apply" type of routine. That's a sad and pathetic requirement but it's so very real.And unfortunately, predictable in the manner of most gay men's lives but NOT all. One would think that after all we've learned and misplaced in terms of our judgement of others we would have discovered that looks are NOT everything. Some I guess will never learn. Others simply don't care. And still others are merely self-indulgent, oversexed feigns with the anticipation of manifesting their lust through the recesses of youth long after they have reached their "peak" in terms of age, beauty and sexual functions.Okay, I won't preach tonight about something many of us already know about quite well.As I finish writing this, I can only wonder upon my own life of late. What it is that I am seeking. What is missing and how do I find it.The bigger question that lurks just around the next corner however is: Is the missing piece in my life searching for me as well....somewhere out there?
Tonight, after work, I start making my way home.&nbsp; South Louisiana.&nbsp; My father is due to have bypass surgery sometime tomorrow morning.&nbsp; For those of you who know me, you know the importance of family even if separated by time and distance. I trust those out there will say a little prayer for his speedy recovery. I know I will. I will blog again soon to let everyone know how it goes. Till then, I love you all. ~ G.
 Today, I took some 'me' time and went to write. I took with me, my laptop. I wrote and I wrote (until the battery ran low on juice). I cannot say how long I wrote but it was enough time to know that I had a helluva lot to say and not enough time to say it all.&nbsp; Perhaps that's why I've always hated that three word phrase: "to be continued". 
I'm exhausted.Mentally and physically.My father underwent surgery on Monday morning. Four hours later, he was in recovery. His vitals were stable and they moved him to an ICU room. When I left the hospital he was doing well. He hadn't woken up but his vitals were normal considering all that he had just underwent.This evening my mother called. My father's blood pressure cannot stablize. And he's having some severe chest pains, she said. The doctors are watching him carefully.Now I'm worried.I'm trying my best not to think about it but it's rather difficult when you feel so helpless. So utterly helpless. Seeing him lying there in that hospital bed. All of those tubes entering every part of his body. Bags filled with whatever liquid that surely must cost a small fortune to process and administer dripped ever so slowly into his body.My father's body.My mother asked me to keep the faith and just go about my day and packing. It's hard though. But I'm taking her advice to "heart". No pun intended.My day at work was unrecognizable to most prior days. Horrible. Long, drawn-out, and literally stressful despite my thoughts about running naked through a cabana-boy convention in the middle of paradise.Poof! Dream over. Back to reality, Monkey!That's my nickname for those of you who don't know. Monkey. And no, it has NOTHING to do with "spanking anything". Get your minds out of the gutter. Thank you.I did however know someone who masturbated at least three times a day. Is that healthy?I caught on to this "active habit" of his when I realized he shook hands more sternly with the "unused hand" and his confession, of course.(Of course, that begs to option the thought: how did I know which hand he used? I'm assuming he was right-handed since he shook my hand with his left and he always held a cigarette with his right-hand hence ... blah blah blah ... I'm stopping while I'm ahead.)I'm nearly packed though. Tony packed for me while I was gone. That was nice of him. I'll have to treat him to a special dinner or something to show my appreciation. Maybe a gift; something he likes?My neck hurts though. I think the stress of the days gone by has reached its peak. It's inside of my neck muscles now. And I've not done any exercises in over a week now. There go my abs. Dammit.Now if I just had a nice bubble butt.See? My mind is running rampant on so many things that I can barely keep what I'm talking about on course with what I'm typing.Out of order.No coordination.This is what they might classify as "break neck speed". Luckily I don't do hurdles for anyone. Of course, I've been known to walk away from a fine piece of .... pie?Thank you all for your prayers and continued get well wishes for my father. I am in your debt.~ G.
					 						 Dear You, Hola peepz.. I'm now at the bench at block 45... 15 min more, my lecture for Business Management will commence. Haiz... Today oni a few ppl from my class will attend the lecture. cuz after BCA workshop, most of us wen home or some, went to watch movies.. haiz... y?? Y?? Ai ya. Dun care lar... Now, I'm thinking.. thinking about wot to write for the blog. I have difficulty thinking about wot to write but wen i start to write, i'd write non-stop. haha... Now... I'm anticipating for the time wen i can meet my bez frenz again.. if there is a need for u to knoe who they r, Nur Jannah and Nur Zahiah are their names... ekekeekekeee..... we planned to meet each other n watch the movie Ella Enchanted.. but i got money prob le... got no enough money to pay for the tix. haiz... long story le.. if type now, got no time le... i got lecture to attend, remember?? so now muz get ready to switch off my lappy... so, adios mi amigo... 						 
					 						 Dear Peepz,sian ar... i dunno wot to write.. dun like diz kinda things...actually i came upon diz blog thingy by reading into my fren's blog.. n i was actually forced into joining n creating a blog for myself... haiz! actually i have my own webbie and even a circle... a lot of information can be found there.. even pix.. so now u see the reason y i dun like to write diz blog thingy.. cuz itz a waste of my precious time.. haiz...wotdahell.. i'm now sitting at the table at the atrium.. got diz bazaar thing ar.. n itz damn noisy lor... dunno wot performance they have somemore.. i tink itz the blowing the horns thing ar... haiya.. i dunno lar... but itz damn irritating ok! n i dun understand y people still clap after they finished a piece of their performance.. gosh... dun they know that the performance sounds awful???wot m i doing here ar?? i should be going home... heez .. itz like 5:40pm now.. ended my class today at 4pm.. almost everyday me n my fren yanie will stay in school to use the lappy.. haha.. wot for?? use the internet of course.. itz free mah... so we should take advantage of the conveniency provided.. but wotdahell again, we can't go to kazaa, napster, etc.... firewall thingy.. so troublesome.. ei! i should stop now... should be typing Mohanan's testimonial.. haha. ciao!						 
					 						 My name is AINThis is where u can find my profile.. Read on.. Birthday.. 15 February 1987Zodiac.. AquariusOccupation.. Banking & Finance Student / Self-EmployedHometown Woodlands, Spain, Mexico, Cuba, ParisInterests Movies, Travelling, Outdoor Activities, Food, Espanol, Spanish Songs, etc... &amp; V.E of course!Companies Previously... Motorola. But ever since I use my Samsung hp, I quit!!! Hahahax! Now in V.E. Will retire when i'm around 30++ (wow... dat'z wot ppl say think 'far'... haha)Schools Bukit Batok PAP... Madrasah Ar-Raudah... Lian Hua Primary... Admiralty Primary... Madrasah An-Nur... Woodlands Ring Secondary... Ngee Ann Poly...Favorite Music Jaleo, Y Todo Queda En Nada, El Beso Del Final, Pero Mi Acuerdo De Ti, Ojos Asi, Que Me Quedes Tu, Bailamos, Satellite (Nave Espacial), Cuando Seas Mia, Guajira (I Love U 2 Much).... Haiya... A lot larh... Basically i like to listen to english songs as well as spanish.. I dun really listen to malay songs except for some...Favorite Books Fictional books(mostly). Stories whereby I can play myself as the characters when I'm reading the stories... >> Forbidden Love, Harry Potter, LOTR, Romeo n Juliet, Macbeth, Hamlet, Julius Caesar, The Merchant of Venice, ... lotz arh..!!Favorite TV Shows Comedies... coz they make me laugh!! Got a lot larh, actually... Buffy... Friends... Spongebob Squarepants ...Who I Want to Meet... Peepz who can be a great and fun person to hang with... Whom I won't get bored easily... U maybe?? Gee... Wanna meet peepz i know who was from WRSS... Add me up! Wanna meet those from ADPS... Add me!! Wanna meet those from LHPS... Add me la!! N of course those in V.E... Add me! Add me!! Add me!!!Hahax! anytin, juz email okiez... ain4life@hotmail.com Da..... Oh yeah... Do write my testimonial! Those peepz out there who haven't write my testimonial, u betta do!!! Those who wrote b4, write again lar... hahaha!!! 						 
					 						 Heya Lappy, now now... feeling quite bored liao ar... got nothing to do... heez... my cousin's also in sch.. but she's in the clubhouse... at at the canteen!!! haiz...told u later we'll be goin down to V.E.. hmm.... wot to do there? besides meeting the peepz there. hmm... where to get the 5? by fri le... u knoe.. i like to listen to spanish songs... dun really knoe why la... haha.. umm, i dun like to listen to malay songs that much. unlike my sis.. she's a jiwang fanatic sia... eeeeye! hmm... mostly i listen to english songs which my sis in turn dun like to listen to... hahaaa!						 
					 						 Heya Frenz, hehe.. im at canteen 1 now.. with starrylink745. hmm... she's supposed to attend lesson at 10am.. but den ar, dunno why le, i saw her at the canteen already waiting for me. haiz... she skipped again!! aiyo...u knoe wat... later we'll be goin to V.E. i din plan diz lar. but den itz study break week.. n starrylink745 had toldsam one about it and he expects us to be able to come down.. he gave us a task.. as well as the big fren... haiz... dunnoe if i can fulfil it by fri... but of course i'll try!! if u nvr try, u'll nvr knoe...heeheee.... juz now i logged in to friendster.. haha.. got 1 testimonial to approve... i knoe itz from Joel... haha... cuz the other time i met him i reminded him to write one for me.. :) but den i sent another message to him on friendster again.. haha... purposely one.. to disturb and pester him oni... :p he ar... very jovial type of person... i tink he suits his name lar... Joel the jovial.. kakakaaa.... and he's so skinny.. kept telling him to eat.. previously was from Temasek Poly la... but den he obtained PhD already... hmmm... hehee.... oni certain people knoe bout diz..mi now listening to spanish songs from diz radio station ar.. online one... currently listening to Enrique Iglesias' Para Que La Vida.. hmm.. quite a nice song lar... i tink if starrylink745 listens to diz one, she would like it bcuz itz slow... haiz... i dunno why lar... she like doz slow slow songs... u knoe the other time i introduced her to El Beso Del Final by Christina Aguilera, soundtrack from Dirty Dancing 2: Havana Nights... hehe... at first she said dat she dun like spanish songs... kakaaaka.. but now she's hooked to the song... wahahahaa.... n got 1 more song i introduced her... by Son By Four... i also dunno who la. the song is Cuando Seas Mia... kekekee... i copied the lyrics in my previous entry... itz a nice song too... datz y i like... :p						 
					 						 Heya Peepz, mi now at canteen 1.. heheee... with starrylink745 beside me. hmm, itz study break u see... so i dun hav to come to sch actually. but why am i here rite now? itz because of starrylink745 lar. haahaa.. she got lesson at 1pm. and she need to submit her portfolio by 12pm. but she dunno how to submit it using cd. haha.. u see, she dun hav the thumbdrive. so she had to submit using the cd. i told her to use cd-rw so that she is able to erase back the contents at a later time wen she gets back the cd. but den, she also dunno how to use it. so datz the reason why i came today... to help her lor!i brought the cd-rw, thumbdrive, and also The Twins Effect vcd. starrylink745 wanted to copy it. i explained her how to write her documents into the cd.. haiz.. how come she dunno?? lucky she hav this teacher to guide her... hehe! but in the end, she din go for her lesson at 1pm. partly bcuz i told her not to go... :pam i a bad fren?? did i influenced starrylink745 in a bad way??? i dunno le... someone has to tell mi!juz now i watched Hellboy using my lappy. haha.. i got like 6 to 7 movies in my lappy rite now. haha... so far my fav. there is The Italian Job. hmm... very bored le... nothing to do in sch. u tink i'm the kind of person who would come to sch to study during breaks meh?? i very lazy one u knoe.. very the slack! i dunno how i would cope during the common test next week.. yeah... next week. and i'm still lazying around and slacking... sometimes i feel that i knoe i hav to do something... i knoe that i hav to do hw. but den i dunno which one to do, and i dunno which one to start. and i dunno which module hav hw, and i dunno and very lazy to find out... haiz. very bad!how to pass test like diz??? help mi le... i very blur one... should i go for consultation? ... -.-now already 3pm le... goin to go home soon.. but will i be studying or revising??? i dunno le... but i want to but i'm scared the lazy part of me will conquer me again!!! oh shit! like troy... hahaha... and that reminds me of V.E again... haiz... the other time (on sat), i went back there with starrylink745. we were from sch. i was doing project with my frenz and she was at the library doin hw...the big fren called us yesterday telling us dat we were to come down to meetsam one. big fren said thatsam one has something to tell us... wot abt??? haiz... starrylink745 and i were kinda scared to meetsam one, cuz last time we met, we cried... haha! dun ask y... hmm......... we wondered wotsam one want to tell us..we took bus 75 from sch. all the way there. i called the big fren to ask him where he was... he said he was at clementi... wot? we tot he already reached V.E. i was talking with starrylink745 for a while but wen i got back on the phone, guess who was on the line... it wassam one!!!omg! big fren was with him?! wot for??? so i spoke withsam one... at first he was speaking in malay, trying to disguise himself... ooo please lar... i knoe itz u! the voice was so obvious... so i changed to speaking in english... n den he said 'u dun like my voice is it?' wah lao! wat sey...						 
					 						-------------------------------------------------------------- Son By Four - Cuando Seas Mia --------------------------------------------------------------Voy a desnudar tu alma beso a beso hasta sentir Que tu cuerpo se derrama como lluvia sobre mí Por el borde de tu espalda voy a dibujar mi amor Sin ocultar esta pasión Cada latido de tu corazón Cada suspiro tuyo me perteneceráCORO: Cuando seas mía ya lo verás, baby Todas las noches serán buenas para hacerte el amor Cuando seas mía en cada sueño voy a estar yo Te voy hacer buscar, pedir, rogar mi calor.Voy a deshojar tus sueños como la más bella flor Voy a vivir para siempre como esclavo de tu voz Desde el arco de tu ceja hasta tu dulce intimidad Caricias yo voy a sembrar.Cada latido de tu corazón Cada suspiro tuyo me perteneceráCORO: Cuando seas mía (solo mía) ya lo verás, baby Todas las noches serán buenas para hacerte el amor Cuando seas mía en cada sueño voy a estar yo Te voy hacer buscar, pedir, rogar mi calorEntrégate y yo te haré vibrar Suplicarás que te ame másen mis brazos volarás, hasta el cielo llegarás No escaparás jamás...Cuando seas mía ya lo verás, baby Todas las noches serán buenas para hacerte el amor Cuando seas mía en cada sueño voy a estar yo Te voy hacer buscar, pedir, rogar mi calor...Baby vas a pedir, vas a pedir mi calorCuando seas mía...						 
					 						 Dear :: neptunez ::, ha haiz... sian ar... mi now at the atrium... on sunday le... wah lao! still need to go to school. earlier, i followed my family to Rosewood (the condo near our house) to attend a wedding function. haiz. my bros swam in the pool.. wah.. havin fun sia. while mi juz lookin at them.. after swimming in the pool, they go for steambath sum more! haha...after that, my mom n bros went to my aunt's house in Boon Lay there ar.. while my sis n i went to NP.. haha... i forced her to come wit me... hehe... i come to sch today to do project le... tomorrow due date already... haha. so rushing one. so busy... haha... see! still can write blog some more... aiyo... i should do my project first... ok! den i'll come back here if i'm done with it! btw, Zixuan and See Leng is here too! :phaiz... lotz to do sia.. i did the conclusions and the methodology part. very sian ar doing dat.. my sis was also fed up. ya la.. she did nothing there, juz sitting beside me and playing the games in my hp. until the batteryflat ! hmm... we reached home about 10.30pm like dat. i tink ar. haha.. my mom tried to call us, but cannot reach us because both our hp were low batt. huahuahua... luckily i dun hav lesson tomorrow... cuz itz study break wat... haha.. but lala has to wake up early, u see... heeheheee!!! 						 
					 						 Dear Lappy,Hey ya peepz! I'm quite sian ar now... i'm at level 3 of the library in Ngee Ann. itz 1:38pm now... got iac at 8am. came a bit late. but the tutor Chan Yoke Khiong was very nice... he dun mind me coming to class late.. i tink today was the 2nd time coming to iac late.. haha... i like this tutor, man.. although he may seem a bitngiau , he's very funny and understanding too... kuakuakuaaaa..... datz why i nvr got bored in his class... but den i get bored easily in cats lessons... hahaaa.. of course, the tutor is nice and kind and old, but datz the prob lar i tink of being old... they a bit nice one.. nvr scold one... so i also take advantage a bit lar... got one day i came late for cats about half an hour later.. purposely one... can come early but dun wan to... haha... i was with sharmaine and lucia in the library, watching Willy Wonka & The Chocolate Factory... heheee!! i love that movie ok. itz so entertaining and very homely too... i liked the setting...i was supposed to meet my starrylink745 fren le today... but den ar, she smsed me saying she was at home n wasnt feeling well so she's not coming to school and therefore cannot meet liao la.. haiz... ok lor nvm lor... den i was supposed to meet diz 3rd yr student ar.. her name is Maz. last time i got buy bodyspray and facial scrub from her one... den i ordered another 2 more bodysprays... same fragrance one... but den ar, i kept getting replies dat she was sorry dat she couldnt get them and give to me... ok lor nvm lor... i understand one... ya, u should knoe one thing... i'm a person who's very understanding and patient one... unless provoked! hahaha!!!so now, i'm alone.... haiz... u know wot? today ar, for iac and cats, oni 3 people from my class attended le... out of 7 people.. damn pathetic lor... compared to the other tutorial group who also share the same iac and cats class as us... wah! i tink dey got full attendance... ey... paiseh le... where the heck are my other classmates??? tsk tsk tsk.... juz now wen i entered msn, i got chat with Abraham. wah lao.. he said he was tired and need to rest for tonight bcuz he will go clubbing... lame lor... haha... but he was about to tell me the reason why he wasnt coming today yesterday while i was chatting with him... but den i logged off first ar bcuz got poa tutorial to attend... haha... n guess wot? Abraham din come for it... hahaha...sianx... now chatting with Weipei and Abraham at the same time... hhee... Abraham's going clubbing later at nite.. at mohammed sultan. haha... wonder where dat place is... hmm...						 
					 						 Dear Viewers, i ended class at 5pm today.. in fact later.. was supposed to meet starrylink745 at the canteen at 5pm. but nvm lar.. she understanding one... :p wen i reached the canteen, i was like looking out for her... it was hard for me to find her.. haiz.. she's playing hide n seek with me again.. but den at last i saw her! seating there... haiz.. i tink itz bcoz she wore dark coloured outfits dat made it hard for me to notice her.. hahaha!den i told her to follow me to sports deck bcoz i need to attend the fencing demo trial thingie... but den i had a prob! i dun know where sports deck was... i asked her lar. but den she oso dunno... 8(so wot i did was i smsed back the person who smsed me regarding the fencing thing.. the day before. n so dat was how i knoe where sports deck is.. it is at the 3rd level at the sports complex.. haha! starrylink745 was worried dat she might meet her SW teacher there n refused to follow me go there.. 8( but i got her to send me until near the swimming pool there. aiyo! u scared for wot la gerl? ... so i went to the place alone...alone ... along the dark alley... woooooo! hahaha... but nothing bad happened.. kekekeee..in the end, of course la i reached the sports deck... well... i was late.. more than half an hour late for the demo thing.. heheee.. so wen i got there, they were briefing abt fencing n everything... itz on every mondays... 5 to 7pm... wear sports attire... bla bla bla... den they showed demos on the different methods of fencing... itz very nice u see... intriguing too... i was overwhelmed! kekeee... the peepz there were also very nice n friendly... so, of course i'm joining fencing! u knoe, my first instinct is correct!! i should learn to trust my 1st instinct lar...hmmm..... i realised one thing... i was the only malay there! oh... not again! i'm already the only malay in my class... n going to be the only malay to get to join fencing diz yr... hopefully more malays would turn up for fencing.. heheee! we were given the chance to try the few steps in fencing.. like the 'on guard' position.. attack and retreat... bla bla... they were going to change the location later u see.. but den i told starrylink745 dat i wouldnt stay until sooo long... but i stayed until quite long lar... haha... until 6.40pm like dat... ahhaahaaa.... poor star... kekeeeekekeee!so i wen to meet her again... i was walking along the alley outside the co-op near the library there... starrylink745 said she'd meet me outside library... so i was like looking forward to meet her there... but skali i heard someone called my name. i turned to my right.. there were these 2 ladies talking to each other and i tot i was hearing things... skali i looked at them properly and one of them was starrylink745! aiyo... see. i din realise she was there.. i din see her! wah lao! she really likes to play hide n seek with me. hahaa! guessed it was the dark clothing again.hmmm... so later we went to the library to use the internet.. wah! we stayed until quite late le... until the library was closing... until the auntie came into the room to tell us that the library was closing in a few minutes.. weee!!! haha! quite paiseh le.. so we packed our stuffs and got out of the project room at level 2 and realised that we were the only students left in the library... akakakakakaaa~~~~! 						 
					 						urlLink .::ain4life::. diz webbie is a circle.. can meet a lot of peepz there.. from all over the world.. but first, u gotta sign up as member... dun worry, membership is totally free! u can leave messages/not ices/etc there.. can even upload photos which u wanna share wit peepz out there!! polls are also available... can even play the game featured.. so y wait?? join now! urlLink Personal Webbiediz webbie is personally made by me.., of course sponsored by Bravenet, the wonderful Webmaster.. informations about my family, friends can be found there.. pix are also uploaded for u peepz to see.. oh yeah! dun forget to sign the guestbook... give your opinions/feedbacks/suggestions... anything! juz have fun.. :purlLink Kak Chik's Bloggy well well... diz iz ma kouzan'z web blog... a soft n sweet natured girl.. despite dat, she's a great person to hang around with.. real name's Nadhirah. my senior in poly.. 3rd year... hahax!urlLink Yanie's Bloggy hmm... diz one's ma fren... Yanie... diz link will direct u to her web blog.. a very funny fren i've got here.. nevertheless, a good and true fren.. but still weird lar..urlLink Saleha's Bloggy hey hey hey!! diz iz Saleha.. ma long lost secondary school mate.. heez... got in touch wit her ever since we graduated but din meet.. oni get to meet her after sooo long wen we get into poly... the same thing, diz link will lead u to her web blog.						 
					 						Dear Diary, woke up late sia... have to bathe real quick. haha.. quite hungry.. nvr really ate breakfast. we were to meet the others at the bus stop across kranji mrt station. reached there at 10am.. den immediately board the 170 bus. haiz... it was quite a troublesome journey.. muz board, alight, board, alight... finally, when we reached the other side, we went looking for taxi to go to Danga Bay... but we came upon a coffee shop n den decided to eat first.. well, my cousins, sis n i aterojaktogether.. ok lar.. quite nice.. i ordered tea, but it nvr came. haiz... end up drinking my sis' coke. by the way, coke's not good for u.. dun drink so often cuz it's very very acidic. now get back to the story.. after that, we walked a very long way to find a bus stop.. furthermore, the weather wasdamnhot! but the journey there somewhat reminds me of the time wen my friends n i got back from the late night meeting at V.E.. we were walking on the streets near esplanade there in search for the bus stop which got the night rider one... it was different though cuz the incident took place after midnight ard 12.30am like dat.. haiz... btw, letz get back on track. we walked on the streets in broad daylight.. and it was noon, mind you! dat walk to the bus stop made me notice dat there's Lot 1 in Johor too! haha... JB Waterfront Lot 1 it was called. but, funny thing was, the place was totally empty. shops were empty there. haha. at last we reached the bus stop.. can't wait to sit at the bench there sia... so fuckin tired already n sweating like hell. luckily, a bus arrived n before we board it, we took a snap first.. i'm trying to find a way how to show the pix we took dat day in Danga Bay..anywayz, we finally reached Danga Bay... our destination for the day.... haha... the place was nice. beautiful.. i like the concept of waterfall thing. the decoration itself caught my attention. we took pix there.. but still, i dun like the weather lar.. itz too hot! den we walked further.. den we came upon diz boat ride thing.. hmm... i liked that idea.. we had to wear the safety jacket.. we got into the boat but there were other peepz in there too. a chinese family of 6 i tink. but we were having fun there.. the water smelled ofkerang . hahaa! pix were taken.. haha! we were always taking pix.. the weather was still hot. but the wind somehow saves mi from fainting or anything worse.. it was blowing real hard as if it was trying to block the boat from going forwars.. haha... the journey took about half an hour.. the driver brought us around the sea.. there were houses on the sea.. i guessed they muz be the fishermen's.finally, we were back at the dock. i felt quite shaky u knoe.. haha.. the hot weather plus the sea! whoo... i was lucky enough i din faint or puke. later on, we went over to the eating place... yeah... we were so tired after the long walk.. i was hungry still.. wanted to eat chicken.. dunno y.. wanted to try the claypot thing.. but den, stupid lar.. the shop wasnt opened yet.. it was already like 2+pm u knoe... haiz... so i ended up buying mixed dished rice. it was ok though.. oni hard to eat the chicken. i bought iced milo.. ate a stupid looking pizza which i tink by right was not a pizza at all..skali after we all finished eating, i found out that my lil bro was missing! i told my mom who was way across the table... den we were all looking for him.. i was worried sia... of course lar.. who wouldnt.. my cute little bro went missing in the middle of nowhere.. i mean, come on lar... dat place was huge! in johor somemore... even if it would have been in singapore, i might panic too! my sis n i was looking at the other side of the place... wondering where he might be... haiz... but of course we found him in the end... knoe where he went?? hahaa... the toilet! ~sigh~ luckily he was founded.. yeah.. even though he oni went to the toilet, he made all of us worried and panicked. he should have informed someone u see....later on.. we went to diz shopping place.. called Plaza Angsana. i wanted to look for a bag.. remember my bag strapputus ? haiz... so the shopping mall was quite big. hmm... there was diz stage dunnoe wot event was on. but later on wen i was at the second level, i saw Maya Karin.. damn.. she was beautiful.. haiz.... i like her.. watched her acting in Pontianak Harum Sundal Malam.. it was a nice one.. u watched yet?? heez.. watch hor.. den after dat, i went to the bag shop with my mom.. there were lotz of nice bags.. i chose diz red converse bag.. it is nice lar.. i asked my mom to buy that.. guess how much it cost?RM 69.90!!!it was quite expensive ar.. but den my mom paid RM 60 for it.. dat is about S$30. i tink it cost ok lar.. hehee... the guy was quite good looking too.. hmm.. but wot a pity i wont be able to look at him again.. haha.. now now... forget abt dat guy.we went back to the taxi stand outside the plaza to get back home.. heez... the weather was still blazingly hot. at the customs, the queue was sooo long.. my legs were like jelly already.. hahaaa... finally wen we got off the customs, we took bus 912 which brought us to my home.. hehe.. my relatives stayed over at my house for a few hours to rest.. n we look at the pix we took on the computer.. hahax! it was fun to be together with my cousins... n family outings... on the whole, it was a tiring but fun n memorable journey to Danga Bay, Johor. ok peepz... i've created a website which i uploaded pix taken at Danga Bay... hope u enjoy browsing through the web!urlLink Click here!						 
					 						 Dear People, i was supposed to meet my sis outside wrss at 11.30am cuz i had planned to bring her to ngee ann poly to use the internet n den meet my starrylink745 fren at 2.30pm at raffles place mrt. haiz... i woke up late n my sis smsed me asking where i was. haiz... but den my fren had called earlier.. to wake me up... how nice of her... kakaax.. cuz i told her to call me... heez...after i bathed, my sis n i got ready to go.. actually, my sis din wan to follow cuz i din meet her outside sch, but i told her if she wants to see my fren'z hp, she better follow... haha... n she did. good!! but b4 we went out, my sis said that we better eat first.. so we did.roti kirai . my mom made it. itz nice n i like to eat roti kirai... i ate quite a lot actually... with the hot n spicy curry... hehee...but den i drank cold drink after dat! i guessed dat was how i ended up having stomach cramps.. really pain sia.. we were already at causeway point u see... dat was where i really cannot walk! furthermore, my bag's strapputus ! wah lao eh... so many bad things happened le.. n, wah lao... i really cannot walk lor.. so i smsed starrylink745 to inform her dat i cannot meet her. haiz... in the end, we went back home.i took a rest.. lied on the bed... applied this medicational oil dat my mom gave me... wah!! the cramp really painful... nvr experienced cramp this painful b4... i was like turning here n there on the bed.. haiz... really lor.. was fighting the pain.. in the end i fell asleep n woke at 8+pm.. luckily, the cramp's gone.. mom told me to eat.. i was scared at first, but ate la... luckily, the cramp din come again... wah, dat was really a bad experience...tomorrow is my dad's bday! my sis said dat we'll be going to johor with my cousin's family n other relatives too... haix... juz wait n see wot happen next!						 
					 						 Dear Beings, wah lao eh... knoe wot? diz morn, i woke up damn early lor... gt iac mah... which starts at 8am. but damn la, the teacher wasnt present cuz he's sick! wot a shit.. so later i went to the library, borrowed 3 books and then met Lucia n Sharmaine at the video section.. hahax! we watched Willy Wonka n The Chocolate Factory. it was a very nice one.. but wot a pity, we din watched until finish. cuz gt cats to attend which starts at 10am. haha... knoe wot?? we very naughty one le.. knoe dat the teacher wont scold us rite, so we purposely watched the movie until 10.20am.. den reached the class almost 10.30am lor.. haha!!but den ar, dat day we oni do presentation of our project lor.. haiz.. den finish early.. supposedly end at 12pm.. but the teacher let us off at 11.05am.. wotdahell! den i go home lor.. planned to meet sharmaine, lucia n zixuan at fuji ice palace for ice-skating meeting at 6pm. wen i reached home, my mom, bros and sis were getting ready to go out n visit my relatives n look at their new house.. haiz.. i was going to meet Jannah n Zahiah..oh ya!!! 6 aug is Jannah's bday!!! so i was like, wot to give her..???? i looked ard my house.. skali i saw diz perfume or body spray that i bought oni a few days ago.. itz a very nice one.. so i tink, nvr mind lar... give to jannah as her present.. itz still new ok! dun fret. but i had an idea.. i invited them over to my house for a movie.. hehex!! so dat i wont have to rush over to meet my frenz at jurong there...but den ar.... when they reached my house at abt 3.15pm, i was panicked cuz i cant find the keys!!! oh no... i was all over the house looking for the keys.. spent like 10 min le.. but still, cant find them. so jannah n zahiah climbed thru the window!!! hahahaaaaa.... yeah datz rite! i knoe itz not right.. but den, got no choice mah... my guests have to climb thru the window to get inside of my house.. haiz... all of us laughed. very funny le.. diz thing nvr happen b4 one.. n jannah was wearing baju kurung u see.. hahaaa!both of them had bought a tub of chocolate ice cream. umm... my favourite! it was for the movie marathon we planned to have u see.. but since they were short of time, we oni watched The Italian Job n the second part of The Passion of Christ. in the end, we took some pix, jannah borrowed The Passion of Christ burnt-vcd and they came out thru the window again... haha... gals, i'm so sorry ok! really, i should have kept my keys properly... but itz an unforgetable incident.. some more, it was jannah's bday!!! wot a day to spend on her bday!!! heheee...so u see, i din go for the ice-skating meeting.. told sharmaine about it. haiz... really regret it somehow.. i was looking forward to it u see.. but then... haiz... itz ok lar.. at least i had a wonderful time with my frenz at home...						 
					 						Dear Frenz , i ended school at 3pm n went home first to get my skates before i went for the trial.. haiz... verymafan ! but den the trial is quite fun wor.. haha.. cuz i had fun.. i went together with 2 of my frenz, sharmaine n zixuan... kaka... met aaron there too!we all were separated.. divided into Totally Beginners, Beginners and Advanced.. i'm in the middle category.. but sharmaine n zixuan r in totally beginners and aaron skip from beginners to advanced.. so i'm like,ALONEin the Beginners section.. but it was fun though.. haha... cuz i gt e privilege to play inline hockey!! it was FUN!! i love sports... but it was tricky and dangerous... but datz wot i like... dangerous stuffs... haha...						 
					 						 Dear Readers, I'm now at the canteen.. this morn was funny. i woke up late.. almost 8.30am like dat. and i have a BCA workshop at 9am! haha.. so when i realised dat i was late, i quickly get to my mom's bathroom and had the quickest shower ever! haaahahaaaaa... after dat, i asked my mom for money to take the taxi. she gave me 20bux but wen i got to the road, i changed my mind. i can actually pay back my fren 10bux and use the other 10 to topup my ezlink card..haha.. when i reached class, i was like 45 min late. told my teacher dat i was caught in traffic jam... haha.. she is kind to me... let me off.. marked me as present.. woohooo! i like her for that.. kakakaa..but now i dun know wot to tell my mom if i wan to ask for 45bux for the mrt consession.. it's going to be dued on 8 august, sunday! haiz.... i always ask for money... i understand dat my family is in need of financial help and i still keep asking for money. not dat i dun care abt my family or dat i'm self-centered or anythin.. juz dat i cannnot help not asking for it as i really need it lor... haiz... i need to buy the mrt consession fares... if not, i cannot go to school lor. my family already very angry with me.. always asking for money. juz the other day i asked her for 10bux to pay back my fren who helped me pay for the movie tix. 						 
					 						 If only you could see the tears in the world you left behind If only you could heal my heart just one more time Even when I close my eyes there's an image of your faceTime will never change the things you told me 						 
					 						 Dear Blog,i'm now at the atrium.. 11.06am.. morning turorial class for Business Management is cancelled.. that's why i'm at the atrium now with my friends.. but that's not the reason as to why i'm sad. firstly, it's because of the incident that happened on thursday, july 29 2004. Haiyz.. How m I supposed to express myself... Hmm. So fed up also.. Confused.. Tired.. Disturbed.. Stressed...some people know very well what i'll do when i'm stressed.. those peepz r the ones who r close to me.. that i spend most of my time wit.. in this case, they r not my family members.. frenz of course..i'm now in BCA tutorial class... haiz... so sian ar... nothin to do really.. boring.. so i type this out...sian ar... how to start... Kayz.... that day... i went to V.E after school... wasn't supposed to, but, wutdahell, i went ok! soon enough, my other 'big' fren arrived. we went in the pulse-reading room to meet ourdear sam one.. my starrylink745 fren was in there too. at first they had their conversations while i juz kept quiet. i knew then that somethinggreatwas yet to come.. haiz... it was den dat i realised i shouldn't have come.. but a part of me wanted to. cuz, arh... havta admit, i like V.E.. it has become a part of me... part of my life... n almost everything i do or see outside V.E somehow reminds me of V.E... so, tell me how to forget about V.E???????den my frenz n i went up to the 3rd storey.. i knew den dat i'm gonna bedoomed . thesam one wanted to meet me next and have anicetalk together at the 3rd 1/2 storey... oh oh oh oh.. hai.. at first it was ok... juz talk u knoe... but den n everything changed.. it happened. wot?? i can't exactly tell u... cuz itz quite confidential.. perhaps if u really really want to knoe wot happen, come up to me n ask yrself. basically, i'm gonna tell u the gist only.questions were thrown at me... contradicting... conflicting... hurtful... unfair.. den i stopped having eye contact with him... looked away.. dun wan to look directly at him. hey.. i'm at home now... itz 6.08pm... ok.. letz continue from where i'd stopped.. i cried there... yeap.. in front of thatsam one. talked to me wit that tone of his. so sharp, hurting, despising.. i stopped for a moment cuz i also know that itz embarassing to do so.. conversation was continued. he kept asking me to look at him.. den i cried again.. wanted me to stop. i felt so horrible.. sad u know.. he's so uncaring to me at that moment. i know n understand that he did all that because of responsibility n commitment as MM ar, but then he should also be understanding towards my situation rite then.den i was sobbing... like... u know, sobbing so hard bcuz i was trying to stop from crying... god... i was so emotional man... i really can't help it. den i had difficulty breathing lor... wah lao... diz thing did not happen to me for quite some time liao.. suddenly find that itz hard to control my breathing... n feelings too... was sooo sad. sooo disappointed. he looked down on me. i felt so terrible.. that day was awful for me.. should follow my first instinct earlier.. of not coming down to V.E. i knoe n understand wot he's trying n want to tell me... i knoe it myself n realise it very well that i start to bcum inactive already... but u gotta understand dat school has started. of course i try to spare some times to spend at V.E n have some activities on hand.. but den, i'm so busy with my school work lor... 4 projects le... all haven't really started yet... how? sum more common test is getting near.. if i fail my first test, whoa, die liao le..haiz... if only i have the time to spend in V.E, these things won't be happening.. i wouldn't have cried... i am so sad with wot happened.. so disappointed.. so discouraged.. cried so many times de le.... n he keep telling me to stop crying... haiyz...but i know i muz be strong to face this... i muz have the courage to continue.. i muz not be weak... bcuz i have the responsibility n commitment there too.. i know i have to be persistence... i have to take the risks involved... only that will bring me to success.. i have to be strong.. should not make myself too stressed out bcuz of this.. how i hope this will end real soon. i can't wait for that...i came again to V.E on Saturday, 31 July 2004... by right, i have no intention to come down on that day.. but wotdahell... i tink itz fate again...that brought me to V.E to meet him. haiz.... oh my dear god, why must i face all this?? please give me the courage and strength to carry on...that saturday, my lil' bro n i went to my school to submit the scholarship application form... it was raining in the morn, but we still went cuz i muz send the form.. the dateline's on 31 july u see... so, wen we reached the Student Service centre, the person behind the desk told me that i muz send the form personally to Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan.. not through school.. so, i was like "WOT!?!?!" i'd woke up so early n travelled so far juz to be informed that i had to send it myself... but i was lucky u know... Singapore Hokkien Huay Kuan was located at Tanjong Pagar... at Telok Ayer Street... very near V.E.... got it??? n i know how to get there... so my lil' bro n i took bus 75 to Tanjong Pagar...wen we reached the building, my starrylink745 fren sms me... asked if i'd toldsam one that her interview had been cancelled... haiz... so i called him up... den can ask me to tell my fren that she had to inform him herself.. if not, the situation will not be acknowledged... wah lao! so stuck up, i tell u... den he told me he want to see me for a while.. i told him i was with my lil' bro... we were there like, about 12.30pm... n he want to meet like about 1.30pm.. wah lao eh.. muz wait some more... ok lor i wait... den i brought my bro to China Square.. sat at the restaurant... u know, near the Delifrance n McDonalds... how i wish i had asked my parents for some money before going out... my bro was a lil hungry... but i have nothing to buy him food..sam one had told me earlier that we'd have lunch together... huh! like real...wen we met... he juz talk talk talk lor... wah lao... we were outside MY JOINT.. there were V.E peepz out there too lor... so i was like controlling my feelings... tried not to be too emotional there.. den, i was about to go back home, n he tot i was going to cry again... wotdafuck! he thinks i'm a crybaby??? but actually i was on the verge to cry... but hey... i was controlling it ok... i didn't cry then. he told me to call him the next day at 10am... 10am! cuz he want to come over my house to speak to my parents. ok fine, know wot? i did call him at 10am. but he didn't pick up! i called so many times.. i bet he was still sleeping wen i called. then he called me back. twice. but den i juz finished bathing at that time... cannot answer the call yet. but i tried to call him back. on the second dial, he answered. but told me to call him back 5 min later. i did.. exactly 5 min later lor. told me that he had interviews and other stuffs to do first. said that he will call me when everything's over n dat he want me to fetch him at Woodlands control station... ok never mind.. fine... i waited until the evening.. up till the night.. haiz... he never called... was he busy? did he forget about the call? or was he juz can't be bothered to come over my house, thinking that it is a waste of time? either way, he should haveat leastcalled me to inform or apologise that he couldn't make it. wot iz he playing at?? so insensitive lor... mi like heartbreak like that... i wonder wen i will come down again to V.E again... "Don't speak... I know juz wot u're sayin... so please stop explainin.. don't tell bcuz it hurts.. Ohno no.... no.. no....no.. don't speak... i know wot u're thinkin.. i dun need yr reasons.. dun tell bcuz it hurts... Dun tell bcuz it hurts...."						 
This is how i exactly feel...Scorpio October 23 - November 21 You may feel as if you are running into a brick wall at every turn, dear Scorpio, especially when it comes to your emotions. The intensity of the day may have you feeling like you are in a pressure cooker. Try not to blow the situation out of proportion. Work to keep the lid on. Realize that much of the drama is more a figment of your imagination than actual reality. Clear away the clouds and get to the heart of the matter.
He asked me on the phone...which is fine by me...i think it's kind of cute..tehe!
Scorpio October 23 - November 21 It is extremely important for you to not be too possessive today - especially when it comes to other people, dear Scorpio. You have extremely important relationships with the people around you, and you will find that in order to maintain these relationships, it is best to let those people live their lives the way they want. Do not adopt the false impression that people belong to you, because they don't.
Sounds so like me...don't you think?Scorpio October 23 - November 21 An unpleasant situation may arise to which your first reaction is to protect those closest to you from the truth. You may be tempted to lie about it, or at least avoid mentioning the situation. Don't give in to the temptation, however, dear Scorpio. Your desire to shield those you love is understandable - but could lead to upsets in the future. There are things you can't protect people from forever, and most people prefer to know the facts.
This horoscope kind of freaked me out...is it trying to tell me something...hmmm...let us ponder for a minute...Scorpio October 23 - November 21 Strange passionate stirrings within you could find you wanting to escape to somewhere away from civilization with a lover, dear Scorpio. This is a great day to do so. At the very least plan a quiet evening at home with the special someone in your life. You might also want to satisfy other sensual cravings, such as a desire for delicious food or drink, or for comfortable chairs or beds. Flow with it. We all need a little self-indulgence now and then!
as my favorite cartoon character would say "*snort* scary!"
Now I will tell you what I've done for you... 50 thousand tears i've cried. Screaming, deceiving, and bleeding for you, And you still won't hear me.Don't want your hand this time i'll save myself; Maybe I'll wake up for once, Not tormented daily defeated by you, Just when I thought I'd reached the bottom, I'm dying again.I'm going under, Drowning in you. I'm falling forever, I've got to break through, I'm going under.Blurring and stirring the truth and the lies, So I don't know what's real and what's not. Always confusing the thoughts in my head, So I can't trust myself anymore, I'm dying again.I'm going under, Drowning in you. I'm falling forever, I've got to break through.So go on and scream, Scream at me I'm so far away, I won't be broken again, I've got to breathe I can't keep going under!Song by Evanesence
i got this e-mail from a friend talking about how a guy should treat his girl...like i needed that. and those were exactly what it was like in my relationship (almost)...
i wish i could scream, but my brothers might think i've gone crazy and put me an institute. WHY CAN'T ANYONE TAKE ADVICE FROM CARING FRIENDS. i feel like i shouldn't even know whats going on, and yet i do...what is up with that?
i feel like i'm in the middle of something that i shouldn't be part of. i care for my friend but she keeps pushing away. if i care too much she goes biserk. if i care too little she goes biserk. i have no right way to turn and it's making me tired of being friends with anyone at all. and yet i exist...
what should i say...hmmm....i have lot's to say...but i don't have time now. Maybe tomorrow, or the next day, or the next day...
a lot has happened in my life....and everything seems to go wrong...what is my purpose...i'm still trying to find myself...i don't even know who i am anymore, and everything i do feels fake...every smile, every laugh...but all the sadness and anger is real...all the tears are real...but everytime i do something good, it doesn't feel right...
"Away From The Sun" It's down to thisI've got to make this life make senseCan anyone do what I've doneI missed lifeI missed the colours of the worldCan anyone go where I am 'Cause now again I've found myselfSo far down, away from the sunThat shines into the darkest placeI'm so far down, away from the sun againAway from the sun again I'm over thisI'm tired of living in the darkCan anyone see me down hereThe feeling's goneThere's nothing left to lift me upBack into the world I've known 'Cause now again I've found myselfSo far down, away from the sunThat shines into the darkest placeI'm so far down, away from the sunThat shines the life away from meTo find my way back into the armsThat care about the ones like meI'm so far down, away from the sun again It's down to thisI've got to make this life make senseAnd now I can't do what I've done And now again I've found myselfSo far down, away from the sunThat shines the life away from me 'Cause now again I've found myselfSo far down, away from the sunThat shines into the darkest placeI'm so far down, away from the sunThat shines the life away from meTo find my way back into the armsThat care about the ones like meI'm so far down, away from the sun again
My birthday was two days ago...it was fun. I had my first sleep over. That was fun. I got bored after everybody left. I loved all my gifts. Not much to say...I'm just glad i'm 17 now...:)
Hiro No TsukiI don't knowWhat words I can sayThe wind has a wayTo talk to me. Flowers sleepA silent lullabyI pray for replyI'm ready.Quiet day calms me Oh serenitySomeonePlease tell meOhmm, what is it, they say?Maybe I will know one day. 	   	 	 	  
ultimate Goddess. You rule over all and everything. In most cases you are peaceful but have a temper which you use only for defending peopleurlLink What beautiful goddess are you?(with anime pics!) brought to you byurlLink Quizilla 
LegolasurlLink Which Lord of the Rings person do you want? (many out comes for anyone plus pics to) brought to you byurlLink Quizilla
Congratulations! You're Gandalf!urlLink Which Lord of the Rings character and personality problem are you? brought to you byurlLink Quizilla
Your Kagome! you like to hang out with your friends and are always the first person to volunteer to show a new student around, you are kind and giving and enjoy having a occasional sleep-over with the girls!urlLink What Inuyasha Character are you? brought to you byurlLink Quizilla
I'm sure it wasn't my fault, but it's hard not to blame yourself for someone else's death. This will be the second Christmas without my father, and it hurts to see that no one sees that I'm in pain, and will always be in pain. I'm suffering everyday from a disease called depression and no one is really there for me (except one person). I thank that one person for being there for me always and forever.
There is no such thing as comfort. In the eyes of a friend comfort is just ignoring the fact that someone is hurting every year. When will it be my turn to cry on someones shoulder?
oh...BTW...Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to whomever is reading this...
IT's "SLEIGH RIDE" DAMN IT!Just hear those sleigh bells jingle-ing ring ting tingle-ing too Come on, it's lovely weather For a sleigh ride together with youOutside the snow is falling and friends are calling "you hoo" come on, it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with youGiddy-yap giddy-yap giddy-yap let's go let's look at the snow we're riding in a wonderland of snow Giddy-yap giddy-yap giddy-yap it's grand just holding your handwe're gliding along with the song of a wintery fairy landour cheeks are nice and rosy and comfy and cozy are we We're snuggled up like 2 birds of a feather would beLet's take the road befor us and sing a chorus or two come on, it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you 
Alone for a while I've been searching through the dark, For traces of the love you left inside my lonely heart, To weave by picking up the pieces that remain, Melodies of life - love's lost refrain. Our paths they did cross, though I cannot say just why. We met, we laughed, we held on fast, and then we said goodbye. And who'll hear the echoes of stories never told ? Let them ring out loud till they unfold. In my dearest memories, I see you reaching out to me. Though you're gone, I still believe that you can call out my name. A voice from the past, joining yours and mine. Adding up the layers of harmony. And so it goes, on and on. Melodies of life, To the sky beyond the flying birds - forever and beyond. So far and away, see the birds as it flies by. Gliding through the shadows of the clouds up in the sky. I've laid my memories and dreams upon those wings. Leave them now and see what tomorrow brings. In your dearest memories, do you remember loving me ? Was it fate that brought us close and now leave me behind ? A voice from the past, joining yours and mine. Adding up the layers of harmony. And so it goes, on and on. Melodies of life, To the sky beyond the flying bird - forever and on. If I should leave this lonely world behind, Your voice will still remember our melody. Now I know we'll carry on. Melodies of life, Come circle round and grow deep in our hearts, as long as we remember."Melodies of Life" FFIX
You were the oneWho I could tell my deepest fears And you were the oneWho always wiped away my tearsWhen he hurt me you were my princeSent straight from above Like a fool I never sawYou were falling in loveSo now I’ve lost everything Cause now you sayYou’re gone forever more So who will IWho will I run toWho will I turn to Now that you left me behind Who will dry my tearsWhen I cry Who will I run toAnd who will I turn to Now that you’re not hereIn my lifeYou were the oneI took for granted all those years And you were the oneI should’ve known It was so clearHow could I be so blindNot to see what’s before my eyes I’ll get you back here with me If it takes the rest of my lifeCause I would do anything Cause I want you back forever moreWho will I run toWho will I turn to Now that you left me behind Who will dry my tearsWhen I cry Who will I run toAnd who will I turn to Now that you’re not hereIn my lifeI will gladly journeyAcross the deep blue sea If I could knowThat I would have you here with me I realize that I was blindBut now I finally see I need you back here in my life Oh baby can it beWho will I run to Who will I turn to Now that you left me behind Who will dry my tears When I cry Who will I run toWho will I turn to Now that you’re not hereIn my lifeWho will be there for me Who’s gonna rescue me Who’s gonna share my dreams Who’s gonna mend this broken heart"Who Will I Run To?" by Kiley Dean
tomorrow's just another day another wayto spend my day all by myself starin at the tv screen flipping through my magazine everything is unclear i need you hear doand i wake up put on my makeup pick up the phone nobody's home i need to break out get me some takeout Stand inside a crowd I wanna scream aloud i'll be ok i'll be okwalking down this winding road Rainy days are all I know i have hit the groundstaring up into the sky countin all the reasons why my mind is spinning around i need to breath doooso,i wake up put on my makeup pick up the phone nobody's home and i need to break out give me some takeout Stand inside a crowd I wanna scream aloud i'll be okget off from the floori just can't take anymore leavin' it all behind'cause yesterday's gonenah nah nah nahnah nah nah nah nah nah nah oohhhoh,i wake up put on my makeup pick up the phone nobody's home and i need to break out give me some takeout Stand inside a crowd I wanna scream aloud i'll be ok i'll be okoh,i wake up put on my makeup pick up the phone nobody's home and i need to break out give me some takeout Stand inside a crowd I wanna scream aloudi need to break out!! were ok were alright Allright, you're okay, it's okay,you're all right, whoa,we'll be allright,we'll be allrighttomorrow's just another day another wayto spend my day"Tomorrow" by Lillix
This one's for you John...[Repeat x2]My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,and their likeis better than yours,damn right is better than yours,i can teach you, but i have to chargeI know you want it, the thing that makes me, what the guys go crazy for.They lose their minds, the way i wind,i think its time[Chorus x2]la la-la la la,warm it up.lala-lalala,the boys are waitingMy milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,and their likeis better than yours,damn right is better than yours, i can teach you, but i have to chargei can see youre on it,you want me to teach theetechniques that freaks these boys,it can't be bought,just know, thieves get caught,watch if your smart,[Chorus x2]la la-la la la,warm it up,la la-la la la,the boys are waiting,My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,and their likeis better than yours,damn right is better than yours, i can teach you, but i have to chargeOh, once you get involved,everyone will look this way-so,you must maintain your charm,same time maintain your halo,just get the perfect blend,plus what you have within,then next his eyes are squint,then he's picked up your scent,[Chorus x2]lala-lalala,warm it up,lala-lalala,the boys are waiting,My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,and their likeis better than yours,damn right is better than yours, i can teach you, but i have to charge"Milkshake"By Kelis
 I'm so tired of being hereSuppressed by all my childish fearsAnd if you have to leaveI wish that you would just leave'Cause your presence still lingers hereAnd it won't leave me aloneThese wounds won't seem to healThis pain is just too realThere's just too much that time cannot erase[CHORUS:]When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tearsWhen you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fearsI held your hand through all of these yearsBut you still haveAll of meYou used to captivate meBy your resonating lightNow I'm bound by the life you left behindYour face it hauntsMy once pleasant dreamsYour voice it chased awayAll the sanity in meThese wounds won't seem to healThis pain is just too realThere's just too much that time cannot erase[Chorus]I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're goneBut though you're still with meI've been alone all along[Chorus]"My Immortal" by Evanescence
 You are an angel. urlLink What legend are you? . Take the Legendary Being Quiz byurlLink Paradox 
We had our one act play opening show today: "Give the Audience a Chance". Total success. Of course no one knew what I said because i was a Frenchwomen. Anyways....we also played some improv games...alot of fun. I came home feeling good...Until my SEMYO conductor called and said i was kicked out...
Your superpower is superspeedThink fast! Your hidden superpower is SUPER SPEED! Some people might think you have a talent for impatience, but we like to call it efficiency. You approach all things with a need for speed. Whether it's running a race, eating lunch, or writing a report, you finish the task in no time flat. This quality is a huge asset in today's hotwired workplace, where there's never enough time to do anything. With a little bit of practice, you'll soon be zipping about the office, zooming between social engagements, and devouring books at an alarming rate. Your friends and coworkers won't be able to keep up. If you use your powers wisely, you'll be the model of well-balanced productivity. But don't forget: Ultra-speedy superheroes have to take good care of their bodies. Be sure to eat right, get plenty of sleep and stretch regularly. Are you ready? Invest in some quality shoes and hop to it. You'll be flying through your day in no time. 
Your lucky number is two"Best Friends Forever," Number 2. As the Helper, you probably got more BFFs in your yearbook than most. Everyone thinks you're just the bee's knees. And why wouldn't they? You always buy the thoughtful gifts, complete with wrapping paper and maybe that cute kitten card that says, "Hang in there." But what it should really say is "I want love, too... and presents...and cards with kittens." Sometimes you try to be too much to too many people, yet you want to maintain separate groups. Yes, you Type 2s get a little high on the fumes of your own popularity, and when you start to come down it can be quite the bummer. Possessiveness, dependency, jealousy, and that's just before breakfast. You're at your finest when your motives are pure. Ahhhh, you feel that? That's the soft touch of unconditional love. And that's what you and famous 2s, Bill Cosby, Pavarotti, and Ann Landers do best.
Your RealAge® is 19 — older than your chronological age If your RealAge® is older than your chronological age, you probably feel like you are aging faster than your peers. The healthy choices you make every day are outweighed by your unhealthy habits. Even the littlest things you do can age your body more than it already is. What are the poor lifestyle choices you're making? We've generated a list of the specific habits, behaviors, and conditions you are engaged in right now that may make you older before your time.
Your sense of humor is sarcasmOh yeah, you're really funny. (Actually you are, but you're so sarcastic that it's hard to tell when you're joking.) You mean what you say, but almost never say exactly what you mean. In fact you usually say the exact opposite. For instance, if your friend is wearing an ugly watch, you might tell them, "I wanted a watch like that once, but I got the wrong Happy Meal." Yep, there's a slight edge to your humor, but all you are really doing is telling it like it is, only like it's not.Whether you're roasting a friend or playing social critic, your deadpan delivery and dry cynicism go a long way to expressing your true feelings...and making people laugh along the way. 
Are you evil?Good for you, you're human. We all have evil thoughts, and you may have acted on a few of yours, but you're probably okay traveling through Buffy's turf. Or maybe you're an aspiring evil person and you've never given yourself a real chance. Go ahead and forgive yourself for the mean-spirited � but ultimately harmless � pranks you pulled in grade school. Whispering behind your co-workers' backs won't flood you with bad karma. And we've all held out for ourselves in the throes of passion a time or two. So keep listening to that conscience of yours, but don't worry about tuning it out every so often. Keep reading for more evil details!In the bedroom, you don't have an evil bone in your body � well maybe one, but ... aw, never mind. The moral lessons you learned as a child really stuck � we have a sneaking suspicion you're still haunted by the ghost of your parents' first sex lecture ("Heavy petting won't make you popular"). In bed, you're as generous as they come � you always put your partner's needs ahead of yours. And your bedroom is a sacred temple. Overall, you're an enlightened sexual wonder. Just remember, it's okay to go nuts on your birthday.Okay, admit it � sometimes you'd rather avoid face-to-face conflict. Now, was telling us that to our face so hard? No. Being up front about any concerns as soon as you have them, rather than letting them build up and turn into, say, a tire-slashing incident, is a good thing. And it sure beats getting a reputation as someone with a taste for revenge. Sure, you probably wouldn't make a very good bouncer, but that's okay. Take comfort from the fact that, overall, we think you're just swell.We're not going to say you're a bad person, but you're toeing the line. A little advice: Try to think about how your victim will feel before you pull your next dirty prank (we don't care how funny it is when you take out a classifed ad and sell someone's car for them). You may think cruelty is funny, but your friends don't � especially the ones who've been burned by your verging-on-evil ways. Listen to your conscience a little more, okay?
Your destiny is to be a Provider Whether you know it or not, this is the role that is most in tune with who you are at your core. As a Provider, you have a genuine nurturing concern for the welfare of others and you're eager to serve them. You can recognize exactly what people need and your friendly, helpful, social nature makes them feel comforted. With your kind and generous heart, you are personable, talkative, and outward with your emotions, and your openness and sensitivity makes you concerned about the way others view you. Along these lines, be careful not to blame yourself when things go wrong. You cannot prevent bad things from happening, even though your tendency to be orderly with a strong sense of right and wrong may lead you to believe you can. Accept that you do what you can to take care of things and that this will get you far in the world. 
Your song is Walking On SunshineYour upbeat approach to life makes "Walking on Sunshine" the perfect anthem for you. We can see you dancing down the vegetable isle with your grocery cart, smiling at all the checkout clerks. We sure hope you've had your Wheaties to keep up with your perky pace all day long. This happy, horn-driven tune carries you to work every day. And even in those brief lapses when you're not fully on your game, "Walking On Sunshine" seems to put things in perspective and get you back to your super groove. "And don't it feel good?" Who cares that this tune was a one-hit wonder for Katrina and the Waves? Even that quality matches your one-of-a-kindness. You're walkin' on sunshine and spreading it wherever you go.
Your dog breed is ChihuahuaNo bones about it, you're an energetic, devoted Chihuahua. For your breed, size definitely doesn't matter. After all, sometimes the best things (diamonds, car keys, Godiva truffles) come in small packages. Honest and straightforward, you're never afraid to speak up for what you believe in, especially if it's a cause near and dear to your heart. Having such a passionate personality can come with a few drawbacks, though. You can be moody at times, and people often find it hard to live up to your high standards. But once you make a friend, it's for life. Saucy and intense, your energy and unfailing loyalty make you a great companion. Woof! 
MorpheusurlLink ?? Which Of The Greek Gods Are You ?? brought to you byurlLink Quizilla
"The people and the friends we have lost, or the dreams that have faded... Never forget them."Yuna-FFX
Your passion is Bashful BlushYours is a passion driven from the inside — not the outside. Some may misinterpret that to mean you're more timid than others when it comes to love, school, and life in general. But really, we suspect it's just that you focus more on driving toward your goals than announcing them to the world. While some people have to stand at a podium to stake their territorial claims — on guys, teams, or the honor roll — you're more likely to take a less direct route. (After all, it's easier to make your point when you're not caught like a deer in the spotlight.) A level-headed discussion with someone close to your issue, if not the person directly, is more your style — whether feeling out if your crush is already taken or asking your parents for a much-deserved raise in allowance. Your careful approach usually pans out better than creating a dramatic scene before a gawking audience. Sure, you go after what you want in life. But your style has never been to grab the bull by the horns. The patience you've cultivated has no doubt helped you become who you are today — a devoted friend, daughter, girlfriend, or student. So keep at it — picking your private battles. Then stand back to watch your bashful blush work its passionate magic! 
Wanna know how stupid i was today...there was a ketchup bottle in front of me the whole time...THE WHOLE TIME...not until i was finished eating that i yelled, "THERE WAS KETCHUP?!"
To recap my week... Saturday: Semyo...nothing...Then STRIKE TEAM!!!! I LOVE YOU RYAN!!!! that was a damn funny show..."i'm treebeard!"...anyways...I'm still melting after Ryan called me an Ewok...a SEXY ewok...then i got the biggest hug, and was lifted into the air...now that's a man!Sunday: NothingMonday: Nothing (school)...play practiceTuesday: Final...Wednsday (today): FINALSSS > > > > > > > > > > > > > I'm Still Melting....
Where once was light Now darkness falls Where once was love Love is no more Don't say goodbye Don't say I didn't tryThese tears we cry Are falling rain For all the lies you told us The hurt, the blame! And we will weep to be so alone We are lost We can never go homeSo in the end I'll be what I will be No loyal friend Was ever there for meNow we say goodbye We say you didn't tryThese tears you cry Have come too late Take back the lies The hurt, the blame!And you will weep When you face the end alone You are lost You can never go home You are lostYou can never go home"Gollum's Song" The Lord of the Rings the Two Towers Sung by Emiliana Torrini
I follow the night Can't stand the light When will I begin To live again?One day I'll fly away Leave all this to yesterday What more could your Love do for me? When will Love be through with me?Why live life from dream to dream? And dread the day when dreaming endsOne day I'll fly away Leave all this to yesterday Why live life from dream to dream? And dread the day when dreaming endsOne day I'll fly away Fly, fly away"One Day I'll Fly Away" Moulin Rouge Sung by Nicole Kidman
Lay down Your sweet and weary head The night is falling You have come to journey's end Sleep now And dream of the ones who came before They are calling From across the distant shoreWhy do you weep? What are these tears upon your face? Soon you will see All of your fears will pass away Safe in my arms You're only sleepingWhat can you see On the horizon? Why do the white gulls call? Across the sea A pale moon rises The ships have come to carry you homeAnd all will turn To silver glass A light on the water All Souls passHope fades Into the world of night Through shadows falling Out of memory and time Don't say We have come now to the end White shores are calling You and I will meet again And you'll be here in my arms Just sleepingChorusAnd all will turnTo silver glass A light on the water Grey ships passInto the West"Into the West" The Lord of the Rings the Return of the King By Annie Lennox
Home is behind The world ahead. And there are many paths to tread. Through shadow,To the edge of night Until the stars are all alightMist and shadow Cloud and shade Away shall fade Away shall...fade."The Steward of Gongor" The Lord of the Rings the Return of the King Sung by BillyBoyd
Scorpio October 23 - November 21 You may be feeling extra self-confident today, dear Scorpio, making you more able to say and do the things that you might normally keep inside. Be warned, however, that you are apt to run into some powerful unexpected opposition. The genius in you wants to come out and show others what you are made of, but other people may find reason to find fault. Don't let the disapproval of others hinder your progress.
Tis a sad thing to see when people go array, When they feel like that they have to die. I can understand that your heart became sore, Cause I've had those feelings many times before. It's hard to figure out, When you really want to shout, That no one really cares, That no one wants to share. But how can you not be loved, When you know you can't be shoved, Into doing something stupid Or something very putrid. The choice you make is yours, There are many open doors And lights to show the way; So now you know you're ok."Second thoughts" By Me
I'm praying to you God and trust me, I never pray to you, ever. I am in fear for some peoples lives: my best friend and a girl who goes to our school (If you haven't heard the story or see what was going on at school today, ask me later). They both feel that they shouldn't be exsisting in this world. I have had those feelings before, but one was on the verge and one actually tried to take thier own life. I hope that they can find the strength to live, because nothing is worse than losing someone to suicide. It pains me to see that some people feel useless and unworthy when they know that they play a role in this world. So if you hear this, I hope you give them some lee-way. They are all loved by somebody and they should know this. But if they are feeling down about something, they shouldn't have to think death is the only way out.
Scorpio (astrology), the eighth sign of the zodiac, symbolized by a scorpion. According to astrologers, people whose birthdays fall between October 23 and November 21 are born under the sun sign of Scorpio. The planet Pluto rules Scorpio, which is a water sign.Astrologers consider Scorpios to be energetic, passionate, deep, intuitive, and secretive, with a great deal of self-control. They also believe that Scorpios can be willful, stubborn, and easily made jealous. Scorpios are thought to be keen observers of people, and potentially calculating and manipulative. Seeing more of people's deepest motivations than others do, they have a tendency to be cynical. They are sensitive and never forget a hurt or a slight—for the typical Scorpio, forgiveness can be difficult.Astrologers consider Scorpio perhaps the most extreme of all signs. The intensity and focus of Scorpios gives them great ability to see a project through despite all obstacles. Their strong leadership qualities, incisive analytic abilities, energy, and desire for financial security can make them motivated career people. Many Scorpios also like to flirt with danger and push themselves and those close to them to their limits. Professions traditionally associated with Scorpio include forensics, law enforcement or detective work, the military, medicine, psychology, big business, and recycling. See also Astrology; Horoscope.
I suggest you read this WHOLE story before you can call me names... And I think I should tell my story before you start to judge me... I'm starting from what I can remember from July 3, 2001. Actually it started way before. My father and mother were constantly fighting. My mom and dad once in a while would come to me and ask my opinion on them getting a divorce. Of course I hated the idea. My mom told me that my dad had a problem; a problem with money. I didn't understand her at first, but afterwards, I knew. She also told me that "they" were going to take me and my brother away. Later did I found out that "they" was the government, because apparently the money problem somehow involved us. This is just the beginning though. My older brother and my dad had problems. I don't know what kind, but it always ended in a fit and crying. I would cry every night because I lived in what I would call a demented family.On July 2, 2001 was my fathers birthday. My younger brother, me, and my father went out driving in the country just because it's kind of a "thing" we did. But this time we almost drove to Iowa, which scared me for some reason. I had a gut wrenching feeling the whole day. We went back to Rochester and decided to eat at the restaurant "Grandma's Kitchen" to celebrate my fathers birthday. Then we went home and my dad went to one of his daily meetings. My older brother had lock himself into his room, trying to avoid my dad. Once he knew my dad was out, he packed his bags and left. It was his running away from home. I was in the shower at the time; I got my info from my little brother. My dad didn't get back till after I was in bed, like 10-ish. He came into my room because he found out my older brother wasn't home. He was turning beet red; it's either because he was mad or about to cry. He asked me where he went. I said I didn't know. My little brother told me that he left with a guy, one of his friends I'm guessing, so that's what I told him.The next morning was Wednesday, July 3. I was awake but sleeping at the same time. I heard a weird kind of choking noise. I thought it was my older brother coming home and crying into my dad's arm. But it was my dad crying. He kept saying he was gone, he was gone and I knew he was talking about my older brother because he never came home. Then my dad came to my room and sat on my bed and said "You know that I love you, don't you?". I just sat there and nodded. Those were the last words he said to me. My dad got up and got dressed. My mom was worried he would do something stupid. He was telling her not to worry. Then the phone rang. It was my brother. My dad went outside to talk to him. He was asking him to come home. Their conversation ended and my dad said he was going out. My mom begged him to stay. He still went, and that was the last time I saw him.My mom was so scared that she had to call the police and told us to pack our bags. We were going to leave the house that I've been living in for the longest time. Then the police came. They were asking my mom questions and stuff. One of them came up to me and asked me how I was and stuff like that. Then she told us to go downstairs. I didn't know what was going on. My little brother was so upset that he couldn't stop crying. I told him everything would be OK. It was a very long time till anyone got us. It was my older brother who came to get us. I was so glad to see him, but that was my two seconds of happiness. We went into our living room and there were all these people I've never seen before. I went and sat next to my mom. One of the police men kind of looked up and said straight forward "Your dad has passed away." I burst into tears right after he said "away". That was the hardest and longest I've ever cried. I thought that I would never here those words until my dad was really old. But at fifteen years of age, I heard them. I found out that my dad committed suicide; that he threw himself under a moving train. No one told me, so I had to find out from the newspaper. I've never been happy since. Because of my dads death, we had to deal with his money problem. He was over $10,000 in debt. We had no way of pay this back because we were poor to begin with. So we had to go through this wole legal system to sort it all out. We would constantly get calls everyday and night from credit card companies, wondering where their money is. Now it's been reduced to once every 2 months, or not even. We're still struggling with money, but we're survivng.So before you think about suicide, or that you hate your parents, or that you have a bad life, think. Don't judge people. Ever since this incident, I had to get counseling. I was known to have depression, and still do. It's no joke, because depression can deprive you of so many things, like my dads life. Because he had depression, he just felt like he couldn't live anymore. It's so hard for me to tell this story because I've never told anyone before, not even my closest friend. I'm trying to choke back tears, but it's to hard. I sometimes think that I should have died instead of him, but I know that I still have friends and family to back me up. So I've told my story, maybe this time you'll understand not to judge and call people names.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 20 The keywords for today are "romance" and "creativity," dear Scorpio. Romance is enhanced by a heightened passion generated by a gratifying love relationship that will probably last for a long time. This very same relationship, and the emotions involved, could well give rise to artistic inspiration that can produce works of a quality that surprises even you. The only downside: though it's good that you're driven by your work, you don't want to exhaust yourself. Know when to stop.I think my horoscopes are trying to tell me something...
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 20 Your talents as a master psychologist could well be put to work today when misunderstandings come up among those around you. Your companions aren't likely to be thinking straight and may not respond to reassurance, dear Scorpio, so you'll need to use your intuition to determine the best way to defuse the situation. Also, finance might be causing some worries right now, but your innate ingenuity and money sense should put things right. Tonight: go out and have a good time!OMG...this is exactly what is happening today...In the future I want to be a pschologist, and I'm always helping someone with thier problems, and I know I will end up having to help someone again. One of my friends isn't thinking straight because one of her friends started avoiding her (they kinda made up yesterday, but she is still uneasy). And tonight I am going out to have a good time...Night of Jazz and all...and Dylan's going to be there, YAY!Oh, btw, I went to a basket ball game yesterday...girls...we won by 20 points...go figure...
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 20 A partner might be feeling rather down, dear Scorpio, and need you to cheer your friend up. Too many social invitations could come your way today, and you may have to turn one of them down. You may not be in the mood for socializing, feeling the need to be alone to organize your thoughts, yet one of the events could be somehow business-related and you could feel obligated to be there. Put in an appearance. Don't feel compelled to stay very long.OMG! This is exactly what happened to day..freaking out!
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Annoyances of daily life may be rubbing you the wrong way today, dear Scorpio. Other people's strong opinions and odd quirks may be difficult for you to swallow, and your fuse may be a bit shorter than usual. Emotions may also be running at a high intensity, and you may find yourself doing battle with the feelings in your own heart. Perhaps someone you care deeply about is creating friction in your relationship unnecessarily.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Worries about a member of your household could be plaguing you today, dear Scorpio. This person might have gone away and not told anyone, or may possibly seem upset, and shut him or herself away from everyone else. Your friend is probably basically OK, and apt to be upset with someone outside the household rather than within it. Let this person work it out in whatever way they see fit. Your friend will share with you when the time is right.
You know what's good about friends who has guys as friends...they can hook ya up...and I've been hooked...now all I need is to be reeled in...
It's official....I've heard "My Immortal" 10 times today...10 TIMES!!!!!!! I need to go out more...
kaze ga yoseta kotoba ni oyoida kokoro kumo ga hakobu ashita ni hazunda koe 	 tsuki ga yureru kagami ni furueta kokoro hoshi ga nagare koboreta yawarakai namida 	 suteki da ne futari te wo tori aruketa nara ikitai yo KIMI no machi ie ude no naka 	 sono mune karada azuke yoi ni magire yumemiru 	 kaze wa tomari kotoba wa yasashii maboroshi kumo wa yabure ashita wa tooku no koetsuki ga nijimu kagami wo nagareta kokoro hoshi ga yurete koboreta kakusenai namida 	 suteki da ne futari te wo tori aruketa nara ikitai yo KIMI no machi ie ude no naka 	 sono kao sotto furete asa ni tokeru yumemiru"Suteki Da Ne" From the game Final Fantasy 10 	 Translation: The wind, like a heart that swam in the accumulated words The clouds, a voice that was shot into the holding futureThe moon, a shaking heart in an unsteady mirror The stars, gentle tears in an overflowing streamIsn't it beautiful, to walk together in each others hands I do so want to go, To your city, your house, into your arms.That heart, held within your body In those confusing nights I dream	The wind, its halting words are a gentle illusion The clouds, the broken future like a distant voiceThe moon, a heart flowing in the clouded mirror The stars, broken and swaying, like tears unable to be hidden.Isn't it beautiful, to walk together in each others hands I do so want to go, To your city, your house, into your arms.That face, A soft touch, Dissolving into morning, I dream."Isn't It Beautiful" From the game Final Fantasy 10 
Never knew I could feel like this Like I've never seen the sky before Want to vanish inside your kiss Every day I love you more and more Listen to my heart, can you hear it sings Telling me to give you everything Seasons may change, winter to spring But I love you until the end of time[Chorus:] Come what may Come what may I will love you until my dying daySuddenly the world seems such a perfect place Suddenly it moves with such a perfect grace Suddenly my life doesn't seem such a waste It all revolves around you And there's no mountain too high No river too wide Sing out this song and I'll be there by your side Storm clouds may gather And stars may collide But I love you until the end of time[Chorus]Oh, come what may, come what may I will love you, I will love you Suddenly the world seems such a perfect place[Chorus]"Come What May" From the movie Moulin Rouge
Look at me You may think you seeWho I really amBut you'll never know meEvery day It's as if I play a partNow I see If I wear a mask I can fool the world But I cannot fool my heartWho is that girl I seeStaring straight back at meWhen will my reflection showWho I am inside I am now In a world whereI Have to hide my heartAnd what I believe inBut somehow I will show the worldWhat's inside my heart And be loved for who I amWho is that girl I seeStaring straight back at meWhy is my reflectionSomeone I don't knowMust I pretend that I'mSomeone elseFor all timeWhen will my reflection showWho I am insideThere's a heart that must be free to flyThat burns with a need to know the reason whyWhy must we all concealWhat we thinkHow we feelMust there be a secret meI'm forced to hideI won't pretend thatI'm Someone elseFor all timeWhenwill my reflection showWho I am insideWhen will my reflection showWho I am inside"Relfections" From the movie Mulan
I feel so hopeless. People tell me to move on, but it's so hard. AHHHH....I know i told you i don't feel the way i used to I know i said things that were hard to accept from me But please believe that now tha pain's catching up with me Tell me how can i make you see That, baby, all the hurt i've caused, i'm making up for it now And i've had some time all to myself and i think i've figured it outI never miss you 'til you're gone away from me I took your love for granted, now it's killing me And every time it happens this way, right when i let you go Imean stay, and i never miss you 'til you're gone away from meAnd it's so funny 'cause i never though i'd feel like this now And if you never come back what am i to do now Will i ever mend this broken heart, i know i'm the one to blame Know i need you in my life for everything to be the same Was searching for someone i thought would be everything i need When love was right in front of me 
I still believe that if you and i Could turn the clocks back, we'd realize That what we have has gone from worse to bad It's clear, things are not what they appear Tell me what happened to butterflies I used to get them, when you;d walk by And i'd just have to touch you To know that you were mine, ain't it funny how time fliesI hate to love you, but i get the feeling When o'm thinking of you, it's crazy but true I hate to love you, but i keep believing It's the way to you, like i doI keep on chossing to never learn Can't win for losing so i return To what i know, and even though I pray for change, same old story, same old game There's no denying that we both tried But what good is trying, if every time We breakup to makeup I'm tired of the trend, i feel it coming 'round againHow many times will i say goodbye How many tears so i have to cry How many wrongs will it take to make it right Baby, i wonder why
I wish I could start over, and say the things I always wanted to say to you. It's Valentine's Day, and I'm really lonely. I've changed so much over the past two years. I still want someone to love...I've been alone, since the day that you left me 'cause i never told, just what you mean to me I guess im afraid, of those kind of feelings Didn't mean to push you away, i realize i made a big mistake'cause you know i know, and i know you know That every time you do, i get so lonely I know you know, and you know i know That every time you go, i get so lonelyNever fely this way, 'til you came into my life And you made me feel, something that i thought i'd never like Deep down you know, that you're everything i need So why pretend, that you dont know its hurting me, 'causeTell me what it takes to make you come back home Tell me what i have to say, 'cause i dont like being alone Yes, you're everything i want, you're the better part of me And, in case you didn't know, i love you more than anything"Lonely" By Maria
If you cut, I will bleed, bring me down to my knees You make me feel what I am is never good enough Can you help me understand, thought I made you a better man I guess somehow along the way, things just changeIt seems just like a distant memory That you used to be good for me But, baby, now it's clearI give you take, somehow it's gonna break I pray for the strength, I hate to say I know we can't go on this way I give you take, I know we're gonna break And it hurts my soul, I hate to say We can't go on this wayWith your words you pull me in, I always lose I just can't win And though I see my heart is blind, it gives in every time You've got me on constant repeat, I need a cure or a remedy 'cause if I stay there won't be, nothing left for me...Now there's nothing left for us to save 'cause only bitterness remains What we have is like a house of cards and it's falling apart And It's impossible to get it back with the bridges that you've burned I guess it's time to walk away 'cause now it's so clear..."I Give, You Take" By Maria
Circling your head, contemplating everything you ever said Now I see the truth, I got doubt A different motive in your eyes and now I’m out See you later I see your fantasy, You want to make it a reality paved in gold See inside, Inside of our heads (yeah) Well now that’s over I see your motives inside, decisions to hide[Chorus:] Back (Fuck) off I’ll take you on Headstrong to take on anyone I know that you are wrong Headstrong we’re Headstrong Back off I’ll take you on Headstrong to take on anyone I know that you are wrong and this is not where you belong I can’t give everything away I won’t give everything away[Verse 2:] Conclusions manifest, your first impressions got to be your very best I see you’re full of shit, and that’s alright That’s how you play, I guess you’ll get through every night Well now that’s over I see your fantasy, you want to make it a reality paved in gold See inside, inside of our heads (yeah) Well now that’s over I see your motives inside, decisions to hide[Chorus][Verse 3:] I know, I know all about [x3] I know, I know all about your motives inside, and your decision to hide[Chorus]"Headstrong" By Trapt
Now, don’t just walk away Pretending everything’s ok And you don’t care about me And I know there’s just no use When all your lies become your truths and I don’t care... yeah, yeah, yeahCould you look me in the eyeAnd tell me that you’re happy now, ohhh, ohhh Would you tell it to my face or have I been erased,Are you happy now?Are you happy now? You took all there was to take,And left me with an empty plate And you don’t care about it, yeah.And I am givin' up this game I’m leaving you with all the blame cause I don’t care, yeah, yeah yeah,Could you look me in the eye?And tell me that you’re happy now, oohh oohhh Would you tell it to my face or have I been erased,Are you happy now? Ohhh, ohhhh Are you happy now? Are you happy now? yeah, yeah, yeah.Do you really have everything you want? You could never give somethin' you ain't got You can’t run away from yourselfCould you look me in the eye?and tell me that you're happy now, yeah, yeah come on, tell it to my face or have i been replaced, are you happy now? Ohhh, ohhhh are you happy now?Would you look me in the eye? Could you look me in the eye? I’ve had that all I can take I'm not about to break Cause I’m happy now, ohhh, ohhh Are you happy now?"Are Happy Now?" By Michelle Branch
It's Valentine's Day (Boo). I'd rather spend this day with someone I like, but no, I have no one. How boring. Anyways, I want some chocolate! 
It's down to thisI've got to make this life make senseCan anyone tell what I've doneI missed lifeI missed the colours of the worldCan anyone tell where I am 'Cause now again I've found myselfSo far down, away from the sunThat shines into the darkest placeI'm so far down, away from the sun againAway from the sun again I'm over thisI'm tired of living in the darkCan anyone see me down hereThe feeling's goneThere's nothing left to lift me upBack into the world I've known And now again I've found myselfSo far down, away from the sunThat shines into the darkest placeI'm so far down, away from the sunThat shines to light the way for meTo find my way back into the armsThat care about the ones like meI'm so far down, away from the sun again It's down to thisI've got to make this life make senseAnd now I can't tell what I've done And now again I've found myselfSo far down, away from the sunThat shines to light the way for me 'Cause now again I've found myselfSo far down, away from the sunThat shines into the darkest placeI'm so far down, away from the sunThat shines to light the way for meTo find my way back into the armsThat care about the ones like meI'm so far down, away from the sun again "Away From the Sun" By 3 Doors Down
Spend all your time waiting for that second chance for a break that would make it okay there's always one reason to feel not good enough and it's hard at the end of the day I need some distraction oh beautiful release memory seeps from my veins let me be empty and weightless and maybe I'll find some peace tonightin the arms of an angel fly away from here from this dark cold hotel room and the endlessness that you fear you are pulled from the wreckage of your silent reverie you're in the arms of the angel may you find some comfort thereso tired of the straight line and everywhere you turn there's vultures and thieves at your back and the storm keeps on twisting you keep on building the lie that you make up for all that you lack it don't make no difference escaping one last time it's easier to believe in this sweet madness oh this glorious sadness that brings me to my kneesin the arms of an angel fly away from here from this dark cold hotel room and the endlessness that you fear you are pulled from the wreckage of your silent reverie you're in the arms of the angel may you find some comfort there you're in the arms of the angel may you find some comfort here "Angel" By Sarah McLachlan
I can't get out of bed todayOr get you off my mindI just can't seem to find a wayTo leave the love behind [Bridge:]I ain't trippinI'm just missing youYou know what I'm sayingYou know what I mean You kept me hanging from a stringWhy you make me cry?I tried to give you everythingBut you just gave me lies [Bridge] [Bridge 2:]Every now and thenWhen I'm all aloneI be wishing you would call me on the telephoneSay you want me backBut you never doI feel like such a foolThere's nothing I can do..I'm such a foolFor you [Chorus:]I can't take itWhat am I waiting for?My heart's still breakingI miss you even moreAnd I can't fake itThe way I could beforeI hate you but I love youI can't stop thinking of you [last time x2]It's trueI'm stuck on you Now love's a broken record that'sBeen skipping in my headI keep singing yesterdayWhy we got to play these games we play? [Bridge] Every now and thenWhen I'm all aloneI be wishing you would call me on the telephoneSay you want me backBut you never doI feel like such a fool [Chorus] [Bridge 2] [Chorus] "Stuck" By Stacey Orrico
I'm tired of being what you want me to beFeeling so faithless lost under the surfaceDon't know what you're expecting of mePut under the pressure of walking in your shoes(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow)Every step that I take is another mistake to you(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow) [Chorus]I've become so numb I can't feel you thereI've become so tired so much more awareI'm becoming this all I want to doIs be more like me and be less like you Can't you see that you're smothering meHolding too tightly afraid to lose controlCause everything that you thought I would beHas fallen apart right in front of you(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow)Every step that I take is another mistake to you(Caught in the undertow just caught in the undertow)And every second I waste is more than I can take [Chorus]I've become so numb I can't feel you thereI've become so tired so much more awareI'm becoming this all I want to doIs be more like me and be less like you And I knowI may end up failing tooBut I knowYou were just like me with someone disappointed in you [Chorus]I've become so numb I can't feel you thereI've become so tired so much more awareI'm becoming this all I want to doIs be more like me and be less like you [Chorus]I've become so numb I can't feel you thereI've tired of being what you want me to beI've become so numb I can't feel you thereI've tired of being what you want me to be "Numb" By Linkin Park
What if I told you it was all meant to be Would you believe me Would you agree It's almost that feelin' We've met before So tell me that you don't think I'm crazy When I tell you love has come here nowA moment like this Some people wait a lifetime For a moment like this Some people search forever For that one special kiss Ohh, I can't believe it's happening to me Some people wait a lifetime For a moment like thisEverything changes But beauty remains Something so tender I can't explain Well I maybe dreamin' But 'till I awake Can we make this dream last forever And I'll cherish all the love we shareA moment like this Some people wait a lifetime For a moment like this Some people search forever For that one special kiss Ohh, I can't believe it's happening to me Some people wait a lifetime For a moment like thisCould this be the greatest love of all I wanna know that you will catch me when I fall So let me tell you thisSome people wait a lifetimeFor a moment like this Some people wait a lifetime For a moment like this Some people search forever For that one special kiss Ohh, I can't believe it's happening to me Some people wait a lifetime For a moment like thisOhh! Like this!Ohh! I can't believe it's happening to me!Some people wait a lifetime For a moment like thisOhh Like this "A Moment Like This" By Kelly Clarkson
Who can say for certainMaybe you're still hereI feel you all around meYour memory's so clear Deep in the stillnessI can hear you speakYou're still an inspirationCan it be (?)That you are myForever loveAnd you are watching over me from up above Fly me up to where you areBeyond the distant starI wish upon tonightTo see you smileIf only for awhile to know you're thereA breath away's not farTo where you are Are you gently sleepingHere inside my dreamAnd isn't faith believingAll power can't be seen As my heart holds youJust one beat awayI cherish all you gave me everyday'Cause you are myForever loveWatching me from up above And I believeThat angels breatheAnd that love will live on and never leave Fly me upTo where you areBeyond the distant starI wish upon tonightTo see you smileIf only for awhileTo know you're thereA breath away's not farTo where you are I know you're thereA breath away's not farTo where you are "To Where You Are" By Josh Groban
And I'd give up forever to touch youCause I know that you feel me somehowYou're the closest to heaven that I'll ever beAnd I don't want to go home right now And all I can taste is this momentAnd all I can breathe is your lifeCause sooner or later it's overI just don't want to miss you tonight And I don't want the world to see meCause I don't think that they'd understandWhen everything's made to be brokenI just want you to know who I am And you can't fight the tears that ain't comingOr the moment of truth in your liesWhen everything feels like the moviesYeah you bleed just to know you're alive And I don't want the world to see meCause I don't think that they'd understandWhen everything's made to be brokenI just want you to know who I am I don't want the world to see meCause I don't think that they'd understandWhen everything's made to be brokenI just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I amI just want you to know who I amI just want you to know who I amI just want you to know who I am "Iris" By The Goo Goo Dolls
What am I supposed to doWith all these bluesHaunting me, everywhere, no matter what I doWatching the candle flicker out in the evening glowI cant let goWhen will this night be over I didn't mean to fall in love with youAnd baby there's a name for what you put me throughIt isn't love, it's robberyI'm sleeping with the ghost of you and me Seen a lot of broken hearts go sailing byPhantom ships, lost at seaAnd one of them is mineRaising my glass, I sing a toast to the midnight skyI wonder whyThe stars don't seem to guide me I didn't mean to fall in love with youAnd baby there's a name for what you put me throughIt isn't love, it's robberyI'm sleeping with the ghost of you and me The ghost of you and meWhen will it set me freeI hear the voices callFollowing footsteps down the hallTrying to save what's left of my heart and soul Watching the candle flicker out in the evening glowI can't let goWhen will the night be over I didn't mean to fall in love with youAnd baby there's a name for what you put me throughIt isn't love, it's robberyI'm sleeping with the ghost of you and me I didn't mean to fall in love with youAnd baby there's a name for what you put me throughIt isn't love, it's robberyI'm sleeping with the ghost of you and me "The Ghost of You and Me" By BBMak
If the sky opened up for me,And the mountain disappeared,If the seas ran dry, turned to dustAnd the sun refused to riseI would still find my way,By the light I see in your eyesThe world I know fades awayBut you stay As the earth reclaims it dueAnd the cycle starts anewWe'll stay, alwaysIn the love that we haveShared before time If the years take awayEvery memory that I haveI would still know the wayThat would lead me back to your sideThe north star may dieBut the light that I see in your eyesWill burn there always Lit by the love we haveShared before time When the forest turns to jadeAnd the stories that we've madeDissolve awayOne shining light will still remain When we shed our earthly skinAnd when our real life beginsThere'll be no shameJust the love that we have made before time "A Love Before Time" By Coco Lee
Was it you who spoke the words that things would happen but not to meOh things are gonna happen naturallyOh taking your advice I'm looking on the bright sideAnd balancing the whole thingBut often times those words get tangled up in linesAnd the bright lights turn to nightUntil the dawn it bringsA little bird who sing about the magic that was you and me Cause you and I both lovedWhat you and I spoke ofOthers just read ofOthers only dream of the love that I love See I'm all about them wordsOver numbers, unencumbered numbered wordsHundreds of pages, pages, pages forwardsMore words then I had ever heard and I feel so aliveNow you and I, you and INot so little you and I anymoreAnd with this silence brings a moral storymore importantly evolving is the glory of a boy you and I both loved what you and I spoke ofand others just read of and if you could see nowwell I'm almost finally out ofwell I'm almost finally finally, well I am free oh I'm free and it's okay if you have go awayOh just remember the telephone works both waysand if I never ever hear it ringif nothing else I'll think the bells insidehave finally found you someone else and that's okaycause I'll remember everything you sang you and I both loved what you and I spoke ofand others just read of and if you could see nowwell I'm almost finally out ofI'm finally out of, finally, deedeeedededewell I'm almost finally, finally out of words. "You and I Both" By Jason Mraz
Ayo ladadayoAyo ladadayo ladeedaSometimes I give in to sadnessSometimes I don'tDoo doo doo dooAt times I'm part of the madnessSometimes I won'tGive in to youYou see in a wayI have been drifting down a riverTo nowhereAnd you've given me nothingBut if you're ready to be my everythingIf you're ready to see it through this timeAnd if you're ready for love thenThis I will bringBut I'm not gonna wait for you forever this timeLadeeda ayoladadayo ladeedaAt times I feel myself smilingAt times I'm notDoo doo doo dooYeah yayWhat's with the guilt that you styling babyTalk don't look good on youYou see in a wayI have been looking for a reason to go thereAnd you're leading me nowhereAnd if you're ready to be my everythingIf you're ready to see it through this timeAnd if you're ready for love thenThis I will bringBut I'm not gonna wait for you forever this timeLadeeda ayoladadayo ladeedaAre you waiting for a special occasionTo give me your heartCause I need a little confirmationTo make a real startDon't wait till it's too lateAre you ready to show me?Are you ready to love me?You see in a wayI have been drifting down a riverTo nowhereAnd you're giving me nothingAnd if you're ready to be my everythingIf you're ready to see it through this timeAnd if you're ready for love thenThis I will bringBut I'm not gonna wait for you forever this timeAnd if you're ready to beReady to be my everythingAnd if you're ready to see it through this timeIf you're ready for love then babyThis I will bringBut I'm not gonna wait forever this timeladayo ladadayo ladeeda "Everything" By Fefe Dobson
I wish I can take everything back. I know it will be hard to talk again, but it's a start with AIM. Let's face it though, friends do fall apart, but I miss you, I miss everybody. I wish I didn't let little things get in the way. I cry about not being a good friend. But I was so sure that I was. I've always had friends. I guess ever since my dad died, I've changed...alot. I don't want to be this way. I've had so many dreams about one of you dying. And we never became friends again. I regreted not talking to you, or saying sorry for something. I'm trying to forgive myself. I've given up on religion. I don't know what to believe in. I hope that when I'm older I see a different path in life.
For all those hopeless romantics out there...Love can be a many splendid thing Can't deny the joy it brings A dozen roses, diamond rings Dreams for sale and fairy tales It'll make you hear a symphony And you just want the world to see But like a drug that makes you blind, It'll fool ya every timeThe trouble with love is It can tear you up inside Make your heart believe a lie It's stronger than your pride The trouble with love is It doesn't care how fast you fall And you can't refuse the call See, you got no say at allNow I was once a fool, it's true I played the game by all the rules But now my world's a deeper blue I'm sadder, but I'm wiser too I swore I'd never love again I swore my heart would never mend Said love wasn't worth the pain But then I hear it call my name(The trouble with) The trouble with love is It can tear you up inside Make your heart believe a lie It's stronger than your pride The trouble with love is It doesn't care how fast you fall And you can't refuse the call See, you got no say at allEvery time I turn around I think I've got it all figured out My heart keeps callin' and I keep on fallin' Over and over again The sad story always ends the same Me standin' in the pourin' rain It seems no matter what I do It tears my heart in two(The trouble with love is) The trouble with love, yeah (It can tear you up inside) It can tear you up inside (Make your heart believe a lie) Make your heart believe a lie It's stronger than your pride(The trouble with love is)It's in your heart It's in your soul (doesn't care how fast you fall) You won't get no control (and you can't refuse the call) See, you got no say at all(The trouble with love is) Oh, yeah (It can tear you up inside) (Make your heart believe a lie)"The Trouble With Love Is" By Kelly Clarkson 
Young girl, don't cry I'll be right here when your world starts to fall Young girl, it's all right Your tears will dry, you'll soon be free to fly   When you're safe inside your room you tend to dreamOf a place where nothing's harder than it seems No one ever wants or bothers to explain Of the heartache life can bring and what it means   When there's no one else Look inside yourself Like your oldest friend Just trust the voice within Then you'll find the strength That will guide your way If you will learn to beginTo trust the voice within   Young girl, don't hide You'll never change if you just run away Young girl, just hold tight And soon you're gonna see your brighter day   Now in a world where innocence is quickly claimed It's so hard to stand your ground when you're so afraid No one reaches out a hand for you to hold When you're lost outside look inside to your soul  When there's no one else Look inside yourself Like your oldest friend Just trust the voice within Then you'll find the strength That will guide your way If you will learn to beginTo trust the voice within   Yeah... Life is a journeyIt can take you anywhere you choose to go As long as you're learning You'll find all you'll ever need to know   You'll make it You'll make it Just don't go forsaking yourself No one can stop you You know that I'm talking to you   When there's no one else Look inside yourself Like your oldest friend Just trust the voice within Then you'll find the strength That will guide your way If you will learn to beginTo trust the voice within  Young girl don't cry I'll be right here when your world starts to fall  "The Voice Within" by Christina Aguilera 
Where you are seems to be As far as an eternity Outstretched arms open hearts And if it never ends then when do we start? I'll never leave you behind Or treat you unkind I know you understand And with a tear in my eye Give me the sweetest goodbye That I ever did receivePushing forward and arching back Bring me closer to heart attack Say goodbye and just fly away When you comeback I have some things to sayHow does it feel to know you never have to be alone When you get home There must be someplace here that only you and I could go So I can show you how I Dream away everyday Try so hard to disregard The rhythm of the rain that drops And coincides with the beating of my heartI'll never leave you behind Or treat you unkind I know you understand And with a tear in my eye Give me the sweetest goodbye That I ever did receivePushing forward and arching back Bring me closer to heart attack Say goodbye and just fly away When you comeback I have some things to sayHow does it feel to know you never have to be alone When you get home There must be someplace here that only you and I could go So I can show you how I feel"Sweetest Goodbye" by Maroon5
A couple of nights ago, I had a dream about my friend (oh wait, excuse me, now ex-friend) and I won't say which one. She came up to me to ask for forgiveness, which I thought odd. I don't know what I did, but if it were to happen right now, I don't think I would forgive easily. What a sec., what am I forgiving anyways? There was nothing done wrong except MY stupid mistake to be the bitch that I am. I hate myself more and more everyday, and I'm about to take a knife and plunge it through my heart. I wish I could rewind my life to the first big mistake that happened, which was being born. I can't wait to go to college and never see some of these people ever again. Unless I become friends with everyone I thought I cared about again, cause I do like people, and being with them. There's nothing wrong with you, just me...
Just me, myself, and I from now on... no one else to hold me, no one else to cry on.All hope has faded, and dreams become jaded.The love is gone, there was no song.I'm alone, your hate shown.I'm letting go of you... but remember, I was always there for you..."Letting Go" by ME
To re-cap my days since Friday...Friday I did nothing Saturday I did nothing...Saturday night, I went to see The Return of the King. Sunday I went clothes shopping. Today, I woke up at seven to see if school was cancelled...and it was. Slept in till 10:30. I wish I could have slept in longer. I had a restless, terrible night. Anyways, that's all that has happene to me...
Time to let go, Never look back. I have all this sorrow, my love is now lack.I tried to ignore it, I tried to turn away, But it's nothing but shit, And there is nothing you can say.My time is now, to leave my home, I don't think you'd care somehow, I was always alone.I hate this world I live in, Don't tell me your problems are bad. I have nothing but sin, From lack of a dad."My Problems Against Yours" by Me
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Nothing is too hot for you to handle, but why do you insist on holding on to the burning iron rod if you don't have to, dear Scorpio? Perhaps you are trying to prove to someone that you can take the heat without being affected by it. The truth is, however, that you can get burned just as easily as everyone else, even though you might try to deny it. Do things for yourself, not to prove something to other people - especially when it comes to matters of love and romance.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Today is a terrific day for you, dear Scorpio, in which you finally seem to have a grasp on your thought process and inner emotions. You will find yourself feeling extra sensitive and loving, and people will be drawn to you because of it. You will notice that you are able to look at your feelings in a rational, levelheaded manner instead being at the mercy of your wildly fluctuating emotions.
 I'm not a perfect personThere's many things I wish I didn't doBut I continue learningI never meant to do those things to youAnd so I have to say before I goThat I just want you to knowI've found a reason for meTo change who I used to beA reason to start over newand the reason is youI'm sorry that I hurt youIt's something I must live with everydayAnd all the pain I put you throughI wish that I could take it all awayAnd be the one who catches all your tearsThats why i need you to hearI've found a reason for meTo change who I used to beA reason to start over newand the reason is You [x4]I'm not a perfect personI never meant to do those things to youAnd so I have to say before I goThat I just want you to knowI've found a reason for meTo change who I used to beA reason to start over newand the reason is youI've found a reason to showA side of me you didn't knowA reason for all that I doAnd the reason is you"The Reason"By Hoobstank
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 This day will be filled with many exciting surprises for you, dear Scorpio. Approach the day with an attitude of gratitude and you will be amazed at the number of things that just naturally seem to flow your way. Your generous heart will be rewarded in unexpected ways. Old friends are likely to pop out of the woodwork. Open yourself up to gregarious conversations. Act spontaneously and with a great deal of passion for the future.
There are some things in life I wish I can take back...but now it's gotten too deep that I can't get out. I'm sorry, to anyone, if I've been out of whack the past months, even years. But this is one big whirlwind of a life right now. I hope you can all relate...
The weirdest week ever...the weird part about it is that it's all connected to me somehow... Monday- I passed out Tuesday-Mr. Wiater's grandson and Mrs. Groven's son both in the hospital...connection: They're both my teachers Tuesday-Mr.Wiaters grandson died Wednsday-Matt passed out...connection:ex-boyfriend...sorry Matt but I'm laughing right now... Wednsday-Amanda's brother in the hospital...connection: Amanda is my best friend, and he's also my friend, too Thursday-the only normal day...but it's still daytime...night is yet to come...
I gave blood today, then I passed out, and it wasn't even from the sight of blood, so I didn't fill the bag...I ended up spilling water on myself :'(. The plus side, I got all the cokkies and juice I wanted :)
I got the weirdest...no...creepiest email today...*shudder*...Some 35 year old guy from here wanted to meet up with me...so I'm like "ew"...can we say hitting on a minority...
I have the baby project this weekend...hear my sarcastic woo-hoo?
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Your artistic talents could be put to good use today fixing up wherever it is that you work on, dear Scorpio. You might want to repaint, or put up new plants or pictures, or anything else that makes the place seem a little more dressed up. This is not only going to be fun. Both the process of doing it and the end results should lift your mood, and keep you stimulated for the next few days. Have fun!
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 You may be feeling a little unsure of what you believe in at the moment, dear Scorpio. Your mind is filled with questions and contradictions. Try to realize that the journey to finding your true purpose could take a lifetime. No one else expects you to have all the answers right now, so why should you? Relax a little and try and enjoy more of your moments spent with your loved ones. You may find out that this is really all you need.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Frustrating delays in completing a project you've been working on might cause you to doubt your own skills, dear Scorpio. Be careful not to fall into this trap. There is nothing wrong with your skills. Take a good long look at what you're doing and try to discern where it got hung up. Worries about money may cause you to consider postponing an activity that means a lot to you. Don't. Use your innate ingenuity to work it all out.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Generally you are pretty stable emotionally, dear Scorpio, but today events around you might seem to be conspiring to create erratic moods that you aren't used to experiencing. No major concerns should arise, but little irritations such as dropping things, misplacing your keys, or missing a phone call could really get on your nerves. Slow down, breathe deeply, and stay focused. It's the only way you'll remain calm today.
Ok...now MSN says I'm a Sagatarius or however you spell it...I've also been a Scorpio...stupid MSN...
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Don't take "no" for an answer today, dear Scorpio. Chances are, you won't have to. People will be much more understanding of your situation, and they will have compassion for your cause. Your deep inner strength will show through loud and clear, and you have the inner desire to make anything happen that you want. There is a lucky star smiling over you that is helping you tackle any project that you undertake.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 20 You may find yourself butting head to head with someone who is equally as unwilling to budge from their position as you, dear Scorpio. Use this conflict as a lesson on perspective, and understand the motivation of the opposite side. The life lesson you may need to learn the most probably has to do with discipline and the need for honest sweat from your brow. Don't be afraid to work a little harder than you have been in order to make your dreams come true.
"Can I have a Frito or a Lay or something like that..."~ME Father Horihan...get your mind out of the gutter...
Here is my Chinese reading for the day...Thursday is a stellar, and Tuesday and Friday are auspicious. You will work hard, but the end results will be good. The days also offer a fresh start, an opportunity for remedying a previously unfavorable situation. Dating Tigers should let weekend romances take their natural course. The love vibrations are sensitive, causing many changes. When you move too quickly, you get in emotional water over your head. You could drown before you can save yourself. 
I had a dream last night and I think I was crying. Right now my body feels so heavy. I can't remember the dream, but I have a feeling that it was something I wanted to take back; a mistake that I made, and wish that I could die for it. I wish I could have made a different choice in my dream and different choices in reality.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 20 Remember that the more tightly you try to hang on to something, dear Scorpio, the more likely it will naturally want to slip through your fingers. Grab hold of what you want, but don't squeeze too hard. An important balance must be maintained between showing someone you care by taking them under your wing, yet allowing them their freedom to be their own person. Sensitive feelings are operating today so proceed with care.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 20 There could be a great deal of friction in your world today, dear Scorpio, as stubborn minds come into conflict with each other in an aggressive manner. Be careful of how you treat others, for feelings are likely to be hurt if you are not sensitive in terms of where you point your stinger. Others may look tough, but deep down they are just as soft as you are. Think twice about using your aggressive nature at the expense of others.Now I feel bad, but I'm always having a bad day. I feel that no one cares even if they say they do. I wish you could be more clearer about what you say. And if it's a joke, it's a sick joke...
Every time I feel alone I can blame it on youAnd I do, oh You got me like a loaded gunGolden sun and sky so blueWe both know that we want itBut we both know you left me no choice [Chorus:](Chaque fois que tu t'en vas)You just bring me down(Je pretend que tout va bien)So I'm counting the tears 'til I get over you Sometimes I watch the world go byI wonder what it's likeTo wake up every single daySmile on your faceYou never triedWe both know we can't change itBut we both know we'll just have to face it [Chorus] If only I could give you upBut would I want to let you off of this soapbox baby?We both know that we want itBut we both know you left me no choice [Chorus] We both know that I'm not over youI'm not over you"Til I Get Over You" By Michelle Branch
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 20 If you've been feeling sluggish lately, chances are that this will be a welcome day for you, dear Scorpio. Today will see a surge in energy that will greatly increase your creativity and physical strength. Seize the opportunity to get out into the fresh air for a sports activity, or even just a long walk. Engaging in exercise can direct your physical energy, plus give your mind a chance to clear. Don't be surprised if you discover clarity and focus afterward. Make the most of this.I got fresh air today...I walked home. That was pretty long and my feet HURT. OWWY!!
I'm so confused...honestly please tell me...don't make it a joke, and don't torture me...do you mean it when you say "I love you" or are you just saying it just because...you are confusing, I am confusing, we are all confusing!!!! My brain hurts...
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 20 Make your dreams a valuable tool for insight, dear Scorpio. In days past, great rulers and kings believed so strongly in the insight their dreams carried that they employed interpreters. Whether you think dreams are mystical insights, or the result of random firings of your brain's release of thought and emotion, there is much to be gained. Recurring dreams hold much significance, as they can point to something that needs to be taken care of. Consider exploring this area.
Jackie Mueller brought her baby to school today...HE WAS SO CUTE!!!! A little on the small side, though. But cute as a button. After our discussion about the baby, I heard from a source that another cheerleader got knocked up (I won't say which one. You'll have to find out yourself)...What a pity to be living a life of a cheerleader. And to think, I wanted to be one!!! AHHHH!!! 
OMG!!! Prom was yesterday and it was so much fun!!! Except now I have a knot in my neck cause I was bobbing my head up and down too hard. And it was hot in there to...And I was dateless, but I didn't really care...Anyways...I haven't had that much fun since like never...Can't wait for next year!! Amanda and I promised ourselves we would have dates...
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Today you should be asking yourself a lot of really important questions, dear Scorpio. The universe is pushing you along on your journey of self-discovery. If you're resisting, you're not going to be in a very good mood. You might want to try facilitating this period with some yoga or meditation. Or you may decide to start keeping a dream journal. Try to really listen to yourself on an intuitive level. You'll probably find out that you have the answers already...
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 A group you're associated with, but have been neglecting due to your other responsibilities, may be on your mind today; you might want to fulfill your obligations to them. You could also consider completing a long-term project that was put on hold over the past week or so. Tying up loose ends may take up much of your time today, dear Scorpio, and could keep you busy. Don't forget to take a little time for yourself, however. You are your first priority!
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 You may feel a great deal of tension in your world today, dear Scorpio, without really knowing why. This feeling of conflict may have your stomach tied up in knots, making it difficult to deal with anything or anyone in a rational manner. Try not to take everything too personally when people express disapproval of your actions. Remember that their reaction is to your behavior and not necessarily to you in general.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 If communication with others has been difficult for you in the past, dear Scorpio, today you might suddenly find that things are a bit different. A deeper understanding of the motives of others may well up within you, making it easier for you to deal with those around you. Your intuitive abilities are operating at a high level, and so you're likely to form new bonds based on what you sense about others. Tonight: Celebrate! You need the uplift!
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 You may be asking yourself, dear Scorpio, why it is that you can so easily get control of many parts of your life, but that when it comes to love and romance, nothing seems to be going right. Dismiss the notion that you are unworthy of someone else's love. It is also important that you don't try to portray yourself as someone that you are not. Perhaps you are confusing the people around you by projecting an image that is completely different from the person you really are.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 You may feel a little out of sorts today, dear Scorpio. Perhaps you indulged a bit too much last night. However, some exciting phone calls at midday might perk you up a bit - perhaps good news from a friend or colleague. A change in your financial condition is definitely indicated, as is the resulting boost in your self-esteem. All looks wonderful for you in the months to come. Enjoy it!
I had a dream last night that one of my best friends confronted me and said that "I hate you". She and I have been friends since 4th grade...But lately I have been drifting from her because we have nothing in common anymore. She kinda forced me into things I didn't want to do, like baseball stats and band. I only joined with her because she can't handle being alone. And since all of her friends are leaving for college, she's depending on me for everything. I sound so ranty right about now, but I need to get this outta my head. One of my other friends (who is leaving for college) and I were talking at one point about pet peeves we have about her, and we both agree that she needs to get her own life once in a while. It's fine that she hangs out with me, but there are times were I wish I went with the popular crowd back in fourth grade. I hate the fact that I'm ding this to her, but she has no other friends cause she chose to go with older people. Some of her friends are lower classmen, but honestly, what lower classmen would want to hang with her. She can't drive yet (well neither can I, but I only have 2 driving hours left, and she has done none) and all she cares about are hot guys (who she can never get), singing (which has gone to her head to make her believe she is the best singer there is), and theatre (which also made her believe she is the best actress). Her career choice is to become an actress or singer. She has no back up plan; that is her set goal. Even actress' and singers struggle to get where they are. And to tell you the truth, she is not skinny. And you know how people are: they have to be thin as a rail. Sure there are a few overweight people in the business, but that's a few. She doesn't want to do anything else because she made herself believe she can't do anything else. And it sickens me that she has no willpower to do anything else in life. So if she's pissed at me, then I'm pissed back. And I hope she reads this because she needs to know the truth. No one has ever told her the truth about life, because I think her family tries to protect her from that. And her family is also to blame, because they are the one's that made her believe she ca become and actress or singer and nothing else. The only good thing about her family is that they don't want to send her to the college of her choice (It's a liberal arts college, one I plan to go to). And she is trying to convince them to send her. I hope they say no...I feel like a total bitch now, but I feel a lot better...
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 At the same time that you feel as if you are on the brink of winning the Nobel Prize, you may also feel like you are on the edge of insanity, dear Scorpio. Today you may delight in knowing that the people around you are going through tremendous emotional turmoil and difficulty, as well. You will get the feeling that you are not alone in your quest for emotional stability. Share your feelings with others instead of shutting them up inside.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 It's time to stop acting like you think others want to see you act, dear Scorpio. The planetary configuration is confirming that it is time for you to express yourself - your emotions, your desires, your points of view, to take a firmer stand and define more clearly who you are - for others and also for yourself. Second guessing the potential reactions of others will ultimately get you nowhere.
 Your True Nature byurlLinkllScorpiusllUsername The quality that most appeals to you:Sex AppealIn a survival situation, you:Scream for helpYour hidden talent is:AdaptabilityYour gift is:Irresistible attractivenessIn groups, you:Observe others' behaviourYour best quality is:Your empathic natureYour weakness is:Your coldness Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen! 
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 It could be that you find yourself in a situation in which you may or may not make a commitment in a relationship, dear Scorpio. It could also be that old demons come back to haunt you about the freedom of movement you have, and create doubts in you. Some advice: don't listen to them because if you do, you may go back ten paces in your sentimental life. Roll the dice and make a decision.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Today, you will behave like the real Scorpio that you are, dear Scorpio. You have some very urgent desires, but they remain a secret to everyone else. In solitude, you cultivate your interest in philosophy and mysticism. Today, it's as if you were absent from the world. Your body and actions are in the real world, but you have gone so far into yourself that it will be hard for the people around you to get you out! What incredible concentration!
 I dream that someday we'll be able toLook back on this together and sayIt was for the best and that it made usStronger today, stronger todayThere's much more for us to seeA brand new day for you and meAnd with confidence I say, "We're better than ever"And I don't know where this will leadBut in my life you need to beCause I need to say, "Hello again"I'm so afraid that if I wait too longYou'll never look in my eyes againWith a look that gave me strength and gave me hopeAnd made me feel I've inspiredThere's much more for us to seeA brand new day for you and meAnd with confidence I say, "We're better than ever"And I don't know where this will leadBut in my life you need to beCause I need to say, "Hello again"Hello again, hello again, yeaHello again, yeaThere's much more for us to seeA brand new day for you and meAnd with confidence I say, "We're better than ever"And I don't know where this will leadBut in my life you need to beCause I need to say, "Hello again"
 Just when I thought that I was betterI realized that I don't know what better wasIs it.........Better than I used to be?Better for you or for me?I'd better hurry cause I need a better view of thingsI don't know what it is or what I might be coming down withDon't know where I've beenDon't know where to goCan't remember all the things that I need to knowAll I know is that if I think about itI'd still rather be me than me be youAnd I'm not getting any betterCause everytime I can't remember what it's forIs it.........Better now than yesterday?Better that I am this way?I'd better not be so afraidI bet I shouldn't sayI don't know what it is or what I might be coming down withDon't know where I've beenDon't know where to goCan't remember all the things that I need to knowAll I know is that if I think about itI'd still rather be me than me be youI don't know what it is or what I might be coming down withI don't know what it is or what I might be coming down withDon't know where I've beenDon't know where to goCan't remember all the things that I need to knowAll I know is that if I think about itI'd still rather be me than me be youMe be you
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 If you feel upset or slighted in any way today, dear Scorpio, it is important that you don't completely shut yourself off from the situation. Suddenly it may seem as if everyone has ganged together and turned against you. Either that or they all want to be your best friend. Things are always extreme for you and there is no in-between. The slightest action from someone else can cause a whirl of turmoil in your mind unless you can learn to control your emotions. Make it a goal for yourself to do just tha
I'm a Shirley Temple,urlLink discover your ALcoHoLiC personality! 
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 You are at risk of feeling emotionally overwhelmed today with all that is expected of you. Don't worry, dear Scorpio, it will all work out in the end. Take a number of deep breaths and apply your keen intellect to the situation. Prioritize, then organize, and you will find that steadily and systematically you conquer your obligations one by one. Take some time off to devote time to yourself and your family. You all deserve some quality time together.
I hate it when people test thier friends to see if they are good friends. They should be glad they have friends. And those of you that are part of the OAB, a new person has been added to our hitlist. And right now that person is number one on our hit list. Prepare yourselves cause there's a fued going on...And this time mercy is out of the question!!!!!
It's the last day of the month...Fourth of July is on Sunday...and Saturday, is a day I'll never forget. The day my father died three years ago. You know, I just realised that when we were talking about Valleyfair. I don't know why it just popped into my head then. Maybe cause I feel like shit all of a sudden, cause I turned out to be a total bitch this week. Maybe cause my body realises what day is coming up, and I try to forget about it. I don't know, but now it brings me down a little more. I hope I can still have fun at Valleyfair, without bringing everyone down.
 What Kind Of Goth Icon Will You Be?byurlLinkivegrownwearyYour Stage NameScaryYour GenreFutre PopYour GimmickYou will kill yourself on stageYour Career Will End By...a stake through the heartYour NameCreated with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen! 
 Who were you in a past life?byurlLinkKat007Name: Birthdate: Favorite Color: Country: You were most probably:Ramses III If not then you were:A struggling Greek painterCreated with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen! 
 Your love is... byurlLinkChibiMarronchanYour name is... Your kiss is...deliciousYour hugs are...warmYour eyes...burn into my heartYour touch is...irresistableYour smell is...beautifulYour smile is...encouragingYour love is...unique Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen! 
 Whats does your personality rate from 1-10? byurlLinkmorning_prayerYour first full name Your personality rates aten!your best quality isyoure talentedyour worst quality isyoure in a clique'this is becauseof who you are inside Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen! 
 How to make a Shiobhan Ingredients:3 parts anger 1 part humour 3 parts instinct Method:Stir together in a glass tumbler with a salted rim. Add a little lustfulness if desired! Username:urlLink Personality cocktailFromurlLink Go-Quiz.com
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Think about old times and people in your past with whom you have had strong connections, dear Scorpio. Remember the good times you have shared with people of common interests and similar recreational hobbies. Feel free to be sentimental and mushy today. Mend bridges and bring consolations to sticky issues. Be harmonious with the people and situations around you. World peace begins with you. Incorporate more of this ideal into your daily life.I'm scared...
Do you think dreams can come true...I think I'm falling in love with someone I've never met in person...But I know enough about him, that he and I became instant friends...He was in my dreams a couple of nights ago...I think it was cause I was worrying about him, because he felt like he should commit suicide. He said he almost jumped in front of a train, but there were none for him to jump in front of. I'm trying to help him the best I can. He and I have so much in common...Am I wierd or what?
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Today you may have difficulties connecting with others, dear Scorpio. People may be unnecessarily harsh for seemingly no reason. Try not to get too emotionally worked up over these slights. Keep a safe distance between yourself and the drama around you. The next step you take might send you down a pit of quicksand, so make sure there is a good friend standing by to help pull you out.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Nothing seems to be clicking for you the way you want, dear Scorpio. Your rational mind tells you that everything is in place, that things are fine and that you have a green light to go ahead with all of your plans. There is a small voice inside you, however, that is suggesting otherwise. Perhaps you have an inkling that your plan is flawed in some way. Perhaps you are trying to ignore a certain pain in your heart by keeping it a secret from others, when in reality, you need to let it out to the world.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 If conflict arises in your world, dear Scorpio, you must keep in mind that there is no one else to blame for it except yourself. Keeping your sights set on one goal is useful as you concentrate all of your energy towards that one thing, but at the same time, you may be losing perspective on what is going on around you. Make sure you continue to be a team player by keeping an eye out for the people in the wings.To think I learned the hard way...
In honor of you Anne (and Mr. Hrabe, MUHAHAHA):"Let the ancient serve the present, let the foreign serve the national; by developing that which has been accomplished, one creates something that is new."~Mao Zedong~
I was in a car accident yesterday...scared the hell out of me...And now I hurt, so my mom is telling me to go to the emergency room...never been there before. Damn you to hell Wisconson!!! (No offense to anyone) But jees...Here's the story...this girl from Wisconson, who is new here, went the freakin wrong way on a one way. She thought the light was green for her...THERE IS NO GOD DAMN LIGHT WHEN ON THE WRONG SIDE!!! Anyways, my brother was teaching me how to drive, and I was going down a street with the lights all green, and BAM outta no where she comes right on the side I was driving. We swerved right, went over a curb, barely missing a tree. I yelled "OH MY GOD!" really loud cause I was not processing what just happened. If my brother wasn't there to help me turn away from the tree, I'd probably be dead right now, and not typing this. Wort experience ever...My brother was about to beat the crap out of her, then he saw she had a baby in the back. But this experience is not gonna stop me from driving...Just beware the one way street...
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 This is an excellent day to tell people exactly what you feel, dear Scorpio. Your emotions are more stable than usual, so open up and speak from your heart. Also, listen. What you learn will be extremely valuable for the future, so pay attention. Keep an eye on what is real, but feel free to let your heart explore all the possibilities. Follow your emotions and trust your instincts. You stand to gain a great deal.
Last night I had my fortune told by a Cambodian fortune teller...It was cool by the way...She used playing cards to do it...here's what my brother translated for me (cause she was speaking in Cambodian, duh)....I have to work hard in school in order to get these things. I'm gonna meet an older guy in college and go out with him. He's a millionare and is very well known. Then I end up marrying him. I'm gonna end up going far away and then come back. We have two children, a boy and a girl, who will grow up to be very good. I'm gonna take care of my entire family. I'm gonna have a lot of friends cause everyone likes me and cause I'm nice. I'm going to live a long and happy life.That's what my brother told me. I ended up getting a king card twice, and the 7 card twice...That always means something....
Saw the Spiderman 2 yesterday. It was reallygood. I recommend seeing it. But the bad thing was I had to pee during the whole 2 hours and umpteen minutes. There was a lot of things you shouldn't miss. I almost went to the bathroom, but was afraid that I'd miss something important. Anyways, I give Spiderman 2 two thumbs up. 
OMG!!! Valleyfair kicked ASS!!!! Especially going with Steph, Gena, and Cheryl...It was so much fun. I love the Steel Venom and the Wild Thing. We also got wet, but it was windy so it was a little chilly. We got our pics taken in the begining. I got it in the form of a keychain, so in order for me to scan it, I'd have to scan the whole thing. I don't think I screamed so hard in my life...Well anyways, I don't think there really is a word to describe how much fun I had.
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 Things should go well for you today, dear Scorpio, as long as you are able to keep the drama to a minimum. You are able to jump over any hurdle that comes your way. So don't worry about a thing! You have a sharp and intuitive wit about you that is grounded in the real world. Take care of the details and plan your next big move. Clean, organize, and throw away things that no longer serve you.
 The Dante's Inferno Test has banished you tothe Fifth Level of Hell! Here is how you matched up against all the levels: LevelScore urlLink Purgatory (Repenting Believers) Low urlLink Level 1 - Limbo (Virtuous Non-Believers) Moderate urlLink Level 2 (Lustful) Moderate urlLink Level 3 (Gluttonous) High urlLink Level 4 (Prodigal and Avaricious) Low urlLink Level 5 (Wrathful and Gloomy) Very High urlLink Level 6 - The City of Dis (Heretics) Low urlLink Level 7 (Violent) High urlLink Level 8- the Malebolge (Fraudulent, Malicious, Panderers) Moderate urlLink Level 9 - Cocytus (Treacherous) LowTake theurlLink Dante's Divine Comedy Inferno Test
Ok...so I told Anne I would tell her about this Asian thing I was doing. Well it was a Cambodian fundraiser for thier temple. And I was in it. Modeling clothes. There were four pairs of us modeling wedding clothes, cause in a Cambodian wedding you have to change alot. But we only showed off four of them. I got to wear the final outfit. Oh, and my partner was my broher. This was my day...(all times are approximate)3:00 AM- Woke up and took a shower. After the shower I got dressed (duh) 3:30 AM- We went to this persons house (they provided the clothes and accessories). When I got there three of the girls were there. One was having her hair done, the other looked dead. Myhair was wet, so someone had to blowdry it. 4:00 AM- It was my turn to do my hair5:00 AM- My hair is done, so we went home (my brother and I) 5:30 AM- Go to the sectional and pull out the recliner. I had to sleep sitting up cause of my up-do. I couldn't fall asleep either. I just kind of sat there with my eyes shut, listening to all the birds outside spaz about morning. 10:00 AM- Wake up, went to my room got some shoes and make-up 10:10 AM- Arrived at the temple. We went in and sat there for two hours while they were praying 12:00 PM- Met up with the others Somewhere between that time and 3:00 PM I ate, put on make-up, watched everyone get dressed, then me finally getting dressed. I also took pics with the fam. Then at 4:00 PM, we all just kinda of hung outside and ate somemore, and listen to people talk, dance, and play instruments. Then at 5:00 PM ish it was finally our turn to go up and model the clothes. Then after that we took a shitload of pictures (Someday I will have them on devArt!) Then at who knows what time we finally changed. Then we walked around. Then I sat and ate somemore. Then I left to go change again for a party (I wore my corset and a skirt) Then at 9:00 PM I finally leave for the party. We got there, and I danced a little. Then we went home at 11:00 PM. Then I put my pjs on, tried to take every frickin bobby pin out of my hair (I swear there were more then a 100 in my hair), brushed it, tied it up, then went to brush my teeth, and went to bed. 
 Your Homicidal Rampage! byurlLinkcrash_and_burnYour name: Weapon of Choice:Your own bare handsYour Favorite Target:TelevangelistsYour Kill Count:1,388,905,990Your Battle Cry:"Moo!"Years You Spend in Jail:8How Much Money In Damages You Cause:$162,332,759,450,158Your Homocidal Insanity Level:: 67% Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen! 
ScorpioOctober 23 - November 21 You may be anxious to say what is on your mind today, dear Scorpio. Words are on the tip of your tongue, and you aren't afraid to let them spill out. Be careful. There is a great tendency to put your foot in your mouth. Your words may come across as being a bit harsher than you intend. Be sensitive of other people's emotions. Don't unload your problems on others.So I did this a couple of days ago...I loath myself....
Hope dangles on a stringLike slow spinning redemptionWinding in and winding outThe shine of which has caught my eyeAnd roped me inSo mesmerizing, so hypnotizing I am captivated(Chorus)I am VindicatedI am selfishI am wrongI am rightI swear I'm rightI swear I knew it all alongAnd I am flawed But I am cleaning up so wellI am seeing in me now the things you swore you saw yourselfSo clearLike the diamond in your ringCut to mirror your intentionsOversized and overwhelmedThe shine of which has caught my eyeAnd rendered me so isoloated, so motivatedI am certain now that(Chorus)So turnUp the corners of your lipsPart them and feel my finger tipsTrace the moment, fall foreverDefense is paper thinJust one touch and I'd be inToo deep now to ever swim against the currentSo let me slip away [3x]So let me slip against the current and let me slip away(Chorus)Slight hopeIt dangles on a stringLike slow spinning redemption..."Vindicated" By Dashboard Confessional
Finally!!! I can legally run people over!! MUHAHAHA!!! I passed my driving test yesterday is all I'm saying!!! But I can't drive by my self until my brother teaches me how to be aggressive on the road...So picking up hot guys will have to wait...
 DisorderRatingurlLink Paranoid :Low urlLink Schizoid :Low urlLink Schizotypal :Moderate urlLink Antisocial :Moderate urlLink Borderline :Moderate urlLink Histrionic :Low urlLink Narcissistic :Moderate urlLink Avoidant :Low urlLink Dependent :High urlLink Obsessive-Compulsive :Low --urlLink Personality Disorder Test - Take It!-- 
I got my shipment of yarn today in the mail.The extra stuff I'll need to finish my ruana.I think I'll probably have leftovers, but I am always paranoid of not having enough to finish my projects.I have only ever ordered fromurlLink Elannand I always pleased with their speediness, packaging, and prices.They always seem to have tons of sales.I love just browsing - you should take a look, it's rather addicting.Window shopping for yarn. 
I took a boring old t-shirt and jazzed it up with some beading. This was my crafting project for the day: And here is a close-up, but it's not very clear... You get the idea though...
I was knitting on my ruana today, and I realized that I would need more yarn if I was going to make the whole thing according to the directions, so I logged on tourlLink Elannand kept my fingers crossed.They had enough!I'm usingurlLink thisin the ebony, stone, and espresso n chocolate.It's gonna look great.It's mostly in the ebony.I wear so much black, it's not funny.I am thankful they had enough left.The price was good too.This yarn is very forgiving, which is good, cause I'm still not an expert knitter or anything, and I drop stitches here and there and never realize it till it's way late.Thank goodness for bulky yarns.
Awhile ago I bought yarn forurlLink thispattern.Well, I found out I bought yarn that was MUCH too thin.So today I began knitting the three scarf ruana fromurlLink thisbook.I am so happy to be knitting and doing something creative. It's moving along nicely.Today I also purchased urlLink thisbook at the bookstore.I am still not confident enough to do complicated stuff, so I'm ok with easy for a while.
Here are pix of my three completed projects:ScarfPurseBagThe pattern for the bag is as follows: Color A - Gray Color B - Medium Blue Color C - Light Blue Color D - NavyFor the front and back knit two of the following CO 80 (WS) K15 rows of A K3 of B K6 of C K2 of D K5 of A K9 of B K2 of D K6 of A K5 of C K2 of D K9 of B K7 of C K7of A COFor the two side panels knit the above pattern only 15 wide For the bottom panel knit all in Color A 15 wide for 160 rows For the handle knit all in Color A 15 wide for 205 rowsWeave pieces together.Add embelishements - pockets, buttons, closures, etc. as needed. 
I need to journal what I've done else I forgetI made a scarf from my knitting book.Book I:The Knit Stitch.It's the horizontal scarf.I used homespun yarn from Walmart.Like three different types.It was a good first project - the yarn is WAY forgiving.I followed the directions exactly.Project 2 - I used the Reader's Digest beginning purse sample.I used the left over black homespun stuff from the scarf.I used the required needles.I didn't follow the pattern exactly.The yarn is forgiving and the stitches don't show up so well.I ended up not doing the seed stitches on the sides of the back.The cable was good, but it can't be seen. I sucked at the handles and the lining.I kind of made my own handles - they're uneven though.The lining was a disaster.I used my own stuff and it's all crooked.Oh well.It's cuteProject 3 - my own kitting bag,I used size 6 needles because because I wanted a tight weave.I used all left over yarn. In fact, the navy yarn is a totally different weight so I didn't use it very much because it was totally different when I used it.
I am still working on my ruana. Slow but steady.I heard someone at work say that they thought maybe ponchos were popular nowadays.Duh!I interrupted and told her I have tons of cool patterns and plan to make one in the fall.She seemed a little taken aback. Like, for real??Yes. I think people and fashion is an interesting combination.The way people dress says a lot about their character.I couldn't even *see* her wearing a poncho.She'll be envious when she sees mine though.I bet she'll even be jealous of my ruana.So there.
Update on my ruana.The first side is finished.Here it is slung over my shoulder: And this is just a bird's eye view: Lots of knitting!But good practice for me.
I received the tea from Harney and sons.So far, I have only had the vanilla black.The aroma is great, though the taste isn't overpowering of vanilla.More like a smooth black tea.The tea arrived in a fairly speedy fashion.I'll post when I have a chance to sample the lemony tea. urlLinkpostCount('107931021387409598');
I am posting info on my tea purchases.I first purchased the black sampler from Adagio Teas.I got a Ceylon, a Yunnan and a Keemun. Very fast delivery.I also got the single brew pot that comes with it.I fell in love with the Ceylon. For my first teaswap I got tea from Teavanna - Order was a little screwy because I ordered two packages of the Lady Earl Gray.They sent it in one batch.That's ok, just confusing.I also ordered tons of tins to send the tea in.I barely had enough to go around.Then for my second teaswap - the Valentines one I ordered a caramel creme brulee from Tealuxe - delicious AND their Aphrodisiac tea- Again, I barely had enough to go around.So, I ended up getting a gift certificate from them for my first order and I bough myself from of the caramel creme brulee and some of their creamy earl gray.I like the creme brulee the best.Then for subscribing to a newsletter through Enjoying Tea, they gave me a gift certificate also.I bought some Keemun - outta this world!I am finding I like black teas.For my third springtime swap I bought from Haney and Sons - the Lemony Green Gunpowder and the Vanilla black. urlLinkpostCount('107816093655313528');
I received tea from Revolution Tea for our swap that's due on June 10th. I bought tea bags this time.Southern Mint decaf and Tropical Green tea.I have sampled the lemon tea from before and it's yummy.I have also used it in my iced tea maker. urlLinkpostCount('108319595774063999');
Today we had the pleasure of going to a tea room in Augusta, Kansas, called Miss Muzzie's Tea Room: I found it by going to the tea roomurlLink mapaturlLinkTeas . Which, by the way, is my favorite online place to tea shop.We were way early - it was only 9:30 and they didn't open till 10:30 - but the owners were in the building and saw us peeking through the window.So they actually let us in.I was so surprised!This was such a fun place.This is the main seating area: Then they had various seating areas throughout this cute little shop, like these:They also have fun little hats you can put on and wear while you're having a tea party: They also sell gifts and stuff at the front of the shop: I bought aurlLink tea shop mysterybook.I can't wait to read them all, I think they'll be fun. I also bought a cute little tea bag holder.I had a great time and would love to go back and have tea sometime when they're actually open. urlLinkpostCount('108526079471510272');
Last night I brewed up some iced tea using a portion of black tea and some lemony gunpowder fromHarney & Sons . So far, out of all my brewing attempts. This is my fave.I had it once before, but loaded it down with too much of the lemony gunpowder and it was super strong.But this is much better.I suppose I could tinker with the proportions a little more.I do not like sweet tea, so this is a perfect alternative for me. urlLinkpostCount('108498627755782916');
I've been experimenting with my iced tea maker recently and I made a lovely mint tea tonight. I'm very pleased. I used two regular jumbo sized tea bags and one bag of mint tea.This made three quarts and is very yummy. I only wanted a hint of mint, and that's exactly what I got.I'm pleased.urlLinkpostCount('108476044685247734');
I got my summertime tea swap tea in the mail today.Wonderful teas!Since it was a summer themed swap, lots of the teas are supposed to be yummy when iced.There are a lot of peach, lemon, fruity, and green teas. Those types of teas do make me think of summer.I had a lemony jasmine tea this morning.My throat has been bothering me, and this was the perfect thing for it.I have been brewing iced tea with green teas.I find I like my green iced tea a bit on the strong side.I made a pitcher earlier and tossed it because it was weak.This batch is good.It's made from Revolution Teas' Tropical Green Tea.I taste mostly green and some light, light, citrus taste.I will have to be making a new batch soon, and I will probably just reach in and see what I grab.I drink more iced tea during the summer months. urlLinkpostCount('108829516123530342');
I got my summertime tea swap tea in the mail today.Wonderful teas!Since it was a summer themed swap, lots of the teas are supposed to be yummy when iced.There are a lot of peach, lemon, fruity, and green teas. Those types of teas do make me think of summer.I had a lemony jasmine tea this morning.My throat has been bothering me, and this was the perfect thing for it.I have been brewing iced tea with green teas.I find I like my green iced tea a bit on the strong side.I made a pitcher earlier and tossed it because it was weak.This batch is good.It's made from Revolution Teas' Tropical Green Tea.I taste mostly green and some light, light, citrus taste.I will have to be making a new batch soon, and I will probably just reach in and see what I grab.I drink more iced tea during the summer months. urlLinkpostCount('108829515907236983');
Bubble Tea!I finally had some! There's this Italian restaurant we go to and the last time we were there I noticed a place near it had the word "Tapioca" on a sign.I ignored it.This time we drove by, and I saw the place is called "The Bubble Cafe".So, as soon as we were done with dinner, we went down to check it out.There was an employee out front smoking.They had a menu thingy on the front window.I was reading it, and then asked him if they have Bubble Tea, he nodded and said yes.Woo-hoo.We went in and I was so pumped. I had coconut and pineapple.Kinda like a pina colada actually.I really loved it!I will get more the next time we go there. Mark didn't try any -he's pretty picky.They had fun flavors - I am excited to try some different ones.urlLinkpostCount('108709175730920796');
 My interest in tea began not too long ago.&nbsp; I guess I'm kind of a newbie to this world.&nbsp; But I love it.&nbsp; I am the kind of person that needs to "learn"&nbsp; all the time.&nbsp; I always thought tea was confusing and difficult to figure out.&nbsp; But when I started swapping tea, I learned so much.&nbsp; Even with the first swap. Since then I have studied and brewed tea from all over the world.&nbsp; I have become addicted.&nbsp; I am proud to say that.&nbsp; I love being proficient in something.&nbsp; This world of tea is still new to me, but I enjoy the challenge and the friendship. &nbsp; urlLinkpostCount('109098626829423274');
 While I was in KC visiting my&nbsp; mom we had a chance to visit a nearby tea room.&nbsp; It's called The Main Street Mill Historic Tea Room in Smithvville, MO.&nbsp; It was also a little gift shop.&nbsp; Here are some photos. &nbsp;&nbsp;We had a good time.&nbsp; The food was wonderful, and their iced raspberry tea was so smooth and refreshing.&nbsp; The service was mighty slow though.&nbsp; They had one waitress working the whole place - when we were there there were probably 9 other tables.&nbsp; But we would go back in a heartbeat. urlLinkpostCount('109069628577230306');
 My brother and SIL returned from a trip to England recently.&nbsp; They stayed in a few different rooms during their journey.&nbsp; Neither one of them drink much tea, so wherever they went, they would snag some tea bags for me.&nbsp; They said every room they stayed in had tea bags and an electric kettle.&nbsp; I got&nbsp;a nice variety.&nbsp; Some brands I am familiar with, and some I've never heard of.&nbsp; I made a pitcher of iced tea with some of them - very good.&nbsp; Strong, but delish! urlLinkpostCount('109062933092053922');
I brewed some tea with my electric iced tea maker. I used Revolution's Southern Mint Tea.Five bags for three and a half quarts.I think it's almost a little too minty, but the tea flavor isn't overpowering, so I think I probably got the measurements right.I have five of those tea bags left, so when I'm done with this pitcher, I'm going to try the same thing only using the cold infusion method.Then I'll be able to tell exactly what the differences are. I am looking forward to my little experiment.urlLinkpostCount('108923128847413850');
I tried some cold-infused iced tea today.We've been talking about on the teaswap pages.I tried it with some lemony gunpowder green.It said use a handful.I used three.It still could've been stronger as far as I was concerned.I've realized I enjoy strong tea, both iced and hot.If I do this again, which I could, cause it's super east.I would probably use another handful.urlLinkpostCount('108898145342817223');
Since it's summer here - and getting warmer each and every day. It's getting more difficult to even think about hot tea.I can tolerate it first thing in the morning, or very late at night.Like after a shower, when the sun is set, and it feels a little cooler outside.I need to make myself drink more of it.I know how good it is, I also know how wonderful it makes me feel. I enjoy having a cuppa and smelling the flavors. With all the swap choices, I also love trying to figure out which one I will have next.I love doing that.I think I have an idea, then I come across one I want more.Having choices is part of the fun of the tea swaps.urlLinkpostCount('108882168338221564');
his is Really cewl.. I got mah own site!..now i jus need 2 find some good pics of me 2 put on it.. OK.. Well. what am i Gunna right in this thingyok.. HEre r mah Statz 4 now*Name* OK.. As far as i remember, its Lawren! *nicknamez*Lenny,Lenny Boom boom, Lenny Ba BA, Ki Ki,babi Gurl *Status* taken by Cody *School*Coleman *Age* 13 (almost) *grade* Going into 8th

Life sux.. 2day was one of da WORSE daiz in mah life.. this morin was a bummer.. afternoon worse and than i found out dat mah GrandDad has lung cancer..... &nbsp; &nbsp; Ya Life sux.. But it does guarantee a trip around the sun every 365 dayz! 
ah Friends r crap.. Itz official.. this moring the first thing i did was call danielle.. Last nite Me and Cody and Danielle were on the fone (big mistake) and than they started fighting on about how much Danielle was hurt.. and than i realized.. WASNT I HURT 2..??? Yes I was... GRR.. i am SO pissed..Vicky went on Bree'z SN and she had me under Backstabbin hoes?&nbsp; Thatz some weird a$$ $hyt... I neva did any $hyt 2 dat girl.. &nbsp;ok.. Im done &nbsp;For Now&nbsp;Hugz and Kisses
ettin ready 4 Orlando.. Dani called again 2day ::happiness:: I am so happi that she is not 4eva pissed @ me.. and i 4got 2 ask her about this bloggie thingy but i will get 2 dat l8ta.. wellAdios lAwReN 
Music : Yellowcard "way away and 23"ok.. So here I am.. Writing in mah blog.. so Danielle called me 2day ::hallijuhah:: I thought that she h8ted me b/c of the whole cody ordeal.. but she still lovez nick and well.. im not sure about the nick ordeal.. jus 2 make a long story short Nick and Danielle were like the real deal boifriend and girlfriend.. 5 mothns and some of those monthsweere the worst months in the world 4 me.. nick and me jus didnt get along.. and i dont think that we r friend material.. u kno.. well so afta dani and nick broke up.. me and cody broke up.. and him and dani went out.. i really didnt care.. i kinda h8ted both of them @ dat tyme.. i mean like h8ted them.. like if i saw them i wish i had a gun kinda h8.. well.. dani told me some stuff that i dont kno if i can write but if i can.. trust me i will.. ok.. well.. FYI: Stuff that u rnt so sure aboutStatus'Me:not single.. Taken by cody Dani:singleOk.. wel.. more drama on its way.. i can feel itz.. 
yes its been weird.. In the last 2 months what has happend.. o0ok here is jus some of mah dramatic life*me and Cody.. Ova.. Went out for 1 month Broke up 4 2 weeks *Dani and Nick Ova... Wentout 4 5 Monthz Broke up 4 3 weeks and couting *me and Carlos Ova.... Went out 2 weeks ova... 1 weekThatz about it.. I mean ya.. mah Life is Dramatic.. b/c im a drama queen and if it wasnt dramatic that it would be boring.. i mean.. me.. boring r oxymorons.. im alwayz up 2 somethin people thinkn is inmoral.. or bad 4 mah health.. so .. y shouldnt i be a drama queen?
 urlLinkLittle green men&nbsp; urlLink 
I will be the first to admit it will be a cold day in hell if the pope should ever decide to canonize me into sainthood. Besides, I don’t think the name Brenda is godly enough, sounds a little too much country and a little too much rock and roll.I do have enough Catholic guilt instilled in my non-practicing soul to last me a triple lifetime. In fact, I believe I have a flat forehead, not from genetics, but from all the brow beating and head thumping I’ve infringed on myself over the years.Lately, I have been waging an inner battle within myself. I have an army of little plastic khaki colored men in my brain, my heart and my soul, ½ in an aggressive stance, the other half cowering from the fallout. When I sleep, I can hear the army men tumble around inside me as I toss and turn, sounding similar to a LegoLand village being poured out of the canister.I cannot even begin to define what is eating me, let alone explain what I am feeling guilty about except to say I almost hate someone and I do not even know this person.Really. I have never met her. Came close on a few occasions, but luckily I have never had the pleasure of meeting someone perfect.Opps. See, there it is, cattiness. It is coming out of me again. Time to thunk my head and move on, but god I just cannot and I don’t know why. In fact, if you were to know this long sordid and unbelievably silly story, you would probably thunk me on the forehead as well.One day when I feel like spilling my guts I may do so. Maybe that is not such a bad idea if it settles down the infantry within me, but I need time to collect my thoughts and figure out where to start and where to finish, if there even is an ending. 
 Psychologists say all of our earliest memories are located in the fourth year of life, between the third and fourth birthdays, and yet I can recall short clips of my life as early as the age of one and a half.Having been born in Las Vegas in the late 60's, you would think my memories would be of dazzling lights or a barage of color when in fact most of the moments I recall are ones of pain, be it physical or mental. And before you think my parents abused me in any way shape or form, the pain came from my own doing. My zest for exploration landed me smack into a cactus, and while I do not remember the actual tumble, in my mind's eye I can see and feel my mother and aunt tugging at my skin with tweezers to remove the spines.I have other memories as well, but all are clips and images with no real story behind them, just little things my brain never purged to clear the way for bigger and better things.
It gets a little hard to breathe sometimes when you are just so nervous. How do I calm my fears? I am feeling a little stressed out already. Its Friday and my mom arrives tomorrow and before I know it, it's time for me to go. How do I tell myself that everything is going to be just fine? I will really miss Portland, my family in Southern California and especially Brandon. 
Sharing some emails from pen pals in Bangalore :) My new friends are very sweet! (un-edited) Hi Cecilia, Thank you very much for your e mail. At the moment, Bangalore has a very pleasant weather and, I am sure that you will enjoy it, which probably will suit you anyway!Southern India almost always has a much better weather and less polluted when compared to the likes of North India. However, I do not know whether you have visited India before. If this is your very first visit to India, for a start, you might find it culturally shocking, and also the sea of people...! But, you will surely get to know of the various traditions, practices etc being followed here. Of course, you will also love the spiritualistic part of life here..I am sure!And, what about the food here...its gorgeous, you will love all the authentic Indian Spicy Food! and you can enjoy your Beer as well... :)You will never be among strangers here. Bangalore is one of those cities in India where you are treated in a very homely manner, people are quite hospitable and will go out of their way to please others, especially westerners just like you. I hope to tell you more once you reach Bangalore!Activities, you can do whatever you want to, like long-walks, visiting places (there are lots of historical, ecological places that you could visit)based from Bangalore, and of course, you are surely invited to visit my own home for some sumptuous south Indian Food.I work as an Associate Consultant for a UK based software company called RebusIS that recently opened their branch office in Bangalore.Previously I was based near New Delhi. I will obviously look forward to having our first "Masala Chai" !I wish you a pleasant journey to India and once again, extend you a very warm welcome.PS. once you arrive at the Bangalore International Terminal, please do not worry about the huge crowd at the Customs/Immigration counters...There are not too many, anyway you will be glad to know that there are no mosquitos anymore :) The Airport has now been re-furbished and quite nice too, although a bit small for an international Airport. Have a good day.Regards, GopalHi Cecille,Thanks for your reply and good to know that you will be in Bangalore very soon. Intel is a very good and well known company in Bangalore and is one of the top MNC's in Bangalore. India itself is a beautiful place with diverse cultures, religions and languages. The languages spoken in Bangalore are hindi, kannada, tamil and english.Bangalore is now becoming too crowded, especially the traffic. It has got a good weather and now a days it is raining quitebit. Bangalore is known as the garden city as it has got a lot of nice gardens.Bangalore is also called the pub city as there are a lot of pubs in bangalore. Bangalore is also known for different kinds of hotels and restaurants, mainly chinese, thai, indian, mugalai, andhra you name it you find it here including the KFC and the pizza hut.New comers like you should be careful while travelling after 9 in the evening and should avoid travelling alone. The auto or taxi drivers will try to fleece you when they know you are new to the city. By the way where will you stay in Bangalore ?Otherwise the people are very friendly and will help and assist you when ever you need it.My sister lives in Portland but don't know where exactly as I have not been there and my other sister lives in Dallas. She too is coming to india next week.I would like the idea to share a cup of "chai" with you and exchange cultures.My sisters name in Portland is Jennifer and the other is Matilda who stays in Dallas.Good to know that you are from Philippines as I had a friend too who was from Philippines.Take care and hope to see you. If you need any help in Bangalore you can contact me on 98440-15737 and I work for a mobile service provider company called Spice Telecom.Bye for now, Best wishes, Richard
This year has proven itself to be a new beginning for everyone close in my life. I am going to be a new auntie...to baby twins- Hailey and Elijah from my little brother and his wife Jen, and also a new sister to an unborn sibling from my dad and his wife Amy. Can you believe that??? - I will be at least 26 years older than my new sibling. WOW! My mom and Johnny bought a beautiful house in Bakersfield, CA. And they have two cute little rat terrier dogs. Brandon just moved back up to Portland and started a new job. Then there's me, in less than a week I will be in Bangalore, India! What in the world will I be doing there??? Have I ever been there? No. Do I know anyone there? No. Oh well...I hope the food will be good. More later....But congratulations to everyone's new beginning! 
ingers - Vancouver, BC Gingers is a must see club! It's right below the Ramada Inn on Granville St. As you immediately walk in you know that you just entered the land of beautiful people. The wait staff was gorgeous and there was plenty of eye candy walking around. The music was fabulous and everyone looked like they were having an awesome time! We were here for a "holiday" called Irf Day. Silly Brandon and friends get together once a year, at a different location, to celebrate and party for a friend of their's named Irfaan. Irfaan is an interesting fellow who doesn't smoke, drink, or do anything that is against his religion. So, what a better excuse for his friends to do all that for him? :) urlLinkCecilia, Surbhi (our new friend), and Brandon at Gingers in Vancouver, BC. Very cool place, lots of cute people and yummy drinks.
I took the Intel shuttle bus for the first time to work today. I waited with a colleague who just joined Intel on Monday. The stop was right in front of a Fiat car store, just a short 5 minute walk from the Intel guest apartment. We were waiting along with other employees from Infosys, Cisco, Dell who also were getting picked up. We were the last ones to be picked up and the shuttle was late due to the ruckus at the main intersection. Apparently the street at the Texas Instruments main intersection had collapsed. The city had been working on it for the last two weeks. They were adding a drainage system. I used to go through this intersection on my way to the Airport Rd. office. And each morning I would watch the workers while stopped at the light. There were around 15 male and 5 female workers. The males were working underground and the females would carry the bricks or dirt to the men. They carried it on top of their heads. I have seen this many times and it looks very graceful but its ironic because the work itself is not. The ladies have very strong backs. At any given time, there would be at least 5 people at street level watching the workers below. The division of labor here is very apparent, each person only does one task to allow for more jobs to be created.Okay, so the drive to work was not very bad at all. It took 30-40 minutes from Koramangala to Whitefield International Tech Park. The distance was something like 25 km - I am not really sure. There were not any distance signs on the way. But still I was pretty surprised that we got to work around 8:40 am. On the way to work, we take Outer Ring Rd. (kind of like a highway), on this road you can see everything, from shanty towns, multi-plex cinemas, open grassland, old business buildings, to nice, newly built apartment buildings, to international business parks, and also the construction of new business parks, etc. Next to the new buildings being built there are rows and rows of shelter made out of corrugated metal. At first I thought they were shanty towns but was later told that they are the temporary homes of the construction workers. Rather then sending them home, they stay nearby in them. I can see them walking from the shelters to the construction zone with their necessary tools. I wonder if they are allowed to go home at all and what about their families? How do they eat? What do they sleep on? I haven't been inside one and I am not sure if it will be pretty.But anyway, the bus ride to work made me feel like I was in school. There were over 30 buses at the parking lot dropping off employees. It is a different feeling of working for a multinational company in a developing country. I can't describe it yet because it is a new feeling for me. I can't discern whether it is positive or negative yet but it is definitely new. Perhaps this is what it felt like for workers 50-60 years ago in the States? I definitely felt like I was in a time warp. Or a different dimension. Its very exciting to be a part of this emerging market. Corporate culture seems to be very new here...everyone is excited to be earning a good salary, working for a large MNC, wearing their badges, mingling with co-workers, there's so much energy and life...its so hard not to get sucked in. It is just so different and exciting! 
Can someone from home please send me some Crystal Lite or Diet anything because there is no such thing as Sugar Free here!!!! When I ask for diet they think I am a diet freak. But I am not...I just can't handle so much sugar intake!! Please please help!!!My address is:Cecilia M. Villalon Intel Technology India Pvt. Ltd. ITPL Whitefield Rd. Discoverer Building - 2nd Floor Bangalore 560066 
If you ever decide to move to India :), make sure you don't bring anything from home!! Well, at least any electronics, cd-rs, dvdr, household appliances, headsets, digital cameras, SLR camera, printer (even used), spices, food, electric fan, vitamins, medicine, new or used ANYTHING (to be determined at inspection)!!! Because they will charge you a heavy duty on it...at least 40%. Clothes, books and used "other" (to be determined at inspection) are free. It really sucks! My total duty bill came out to be over $250. And what's even worse is that because my shipment stayed there an extra two weeks (it arrived very early) I was charged a demurrage (holding) fee per day. So on top of the duty bill, another $300 demurrage fee was added on. REALLY SUCKS!!!! I was a little ticked off because the packers mentioned that I would only be charged a duty on large household goods like television, washing machine, fridge, microwave, etc and not small items. And I did not bring any of those. They must have changed the policy en route to India. So I thought I wouldn't have to pay so much. So after my bill I decided to not feel so bad about it and it just accept it because there was really nothing I could do. Just then my relocation rep told me that the company was going to pick up my bill. That was a huge relief! India is constantly surprising me with everything. 
rlLinkFinally! A picture of me! Yes I am really in India!!!! I went on a day trip today to a city 3 hours SW of Bangalore. This is the Mysore Palace, Tipu Sultan's home back in the 1700s! Tipu Sultan was the king of So. India during that time. Its a beautiful palace and it lights up at night - with over a million light bulbs, very Burning Man 'esque. Tipu's great-great-great grandchildren still live somewhere in the palace. 
rlLinkKarnataka Parliament - This place is huge. Its like a mile long. And they are building another new one right next to it. I caused quite a bit of stir when I was taking this picture. A man selling postcards came up to me. A crowd started to form while I looked at the postcards. I didn't really look like a foreigner - they were just curious I suppose.
rlLinkIskon - beautiful Hare Krishna temple. Hare Krishna was founded in the United States in 1966. It is based on Vedic scriptures and they chant and worship the Hindu god Krishna. I had to take my shoes off before I entered this sacred realm. They don't allow pictures inside so I will have to best describe what I saw inside. Before you reach the Darshan (place of worship) you hike up granite stairs and go through three small shrines. Then when you reach the main Darshan there are three idols of Lord Krishna made out of brass. urlLink Each one has a lei of flowers and it is decorated with sparkling rhinestones, elaborate jewelry and the male/female idols are wearing elaborate beautiful Indian dress. When you look up at the high vaulted ceilings, there are amazing paintings by Russion artists of baby Krishna and his mother Yasoda Krishna during their life span. I had to walk towards a table where they were taking donations and they asked for Rs. 150. I had no idea what was happening. They gave me a piece of paper where I had to write down my families names and birth sign. I paid then they gave me the paper and a jar of sweets called Prasadam - a holy meal. I have never been inside a Hindu temple before so this was very new to me. I was then led to the front of the Darshan where a devotee took my paper and started chanting to the Krishna deities. He was throwing flower petals and chanted for about 10 minutes. He placed the paper in front of the deity and chanted some more. After he placed a candle in the front to signify the end of the prayer. I assumed that he was praying for good health and life for the people listed in the paper. It was interesting and afterwards I spoke to a devotee about their religion - very informational and not fanatical at all. He was an Indian and spent some time working for a MNC in Colorado Springs, CO. I was thrown off a bit...I am starting to really believe that this is a small world. I left the temple feeling more enriched and cultured. :)urlLinkYasoda and baby Krishna and a jar of Prasadam 
Working out here has been a little challenging. Back in Portland, Brandon and I used to work out at least 4 times a week. So I consider myself pretty fit. I have stopped for the last two weeks since I got here. The first time I attempted I was able to work out for only 30 minutes before my heart rate shot up through the roof, my head started to get dizzy, my vision turned foggy and blurry and I almost felt like puking. All I did was ride a bike with resistance at level 2 and did some bi-cep curls. That was horrible. I didn't know what was wrong with me. I thought it was all the pollution I was inhaling and that it was already affecting my health!!! But then Brandon mentioned that Bangalore must be at a higher elevation than Portland. I came to learn that Bangalore is around 3,500 ft. above sea level and Portland is only around 175 ft. above sea level. So I have resorted to doing pushups, situps and squats at home until I acclimate. 
My driver was telling me today that the construction men working on the road earn Rs. 100/day, which is $2. The women earn Rs. 60/day, which is just a little over a $1. In 30 days, that is $60. For me $60 translate to at least 6 cocktail drinks in one night at a bar, a pair of new Nike shoes, a nice designer perfume, broadband connection for one month, 1/3 of my groceries for one month, anyway you get the picture. I am still trying to figure out Bangalore and cost of living. So far, there are things here that are very cheap and very expensive. I have looked at various things such as refrigerators, televisions, bed frames, stereos, mobile phones, security deposit for apartment, and it just doesn't add up with what people here are making, even in the IT field. Almost everyone here has a mobile phone but the thing is, you have to pay full price for a mobile phone, either in cash or credit. For security deposit you have to pay a total of 10 months rent in advance. Where do people get the money? I asked my co-workers about debt and they said practically everyone here is in debt. I guess its the same back in the States too but after just getting out of debt it just horrifies me to rely on credit without any cash to back it up. Most people here would probably never be able to repay back their credit in a lifetime. Doesn't that scare them? I was constantly worried about money when I was in debt. I am so puzzled. 
Not much has been happening this week so it is making me homesick. Just waiting to take training courses at work...not much friends to go out with yet at night. I am still not comfortable with going out at night because I still don't really know my way around. AND I don't have my own vehicle where I can just drive around, I have to take public transportation such as auto-rickshaws. Those can be tricky because I've been told that I have to be careful with them. If they know I am not from the area they will take me for a ride around town just so they can charge me more. So I really do have to start dressing like a local and maybe picking up their way of talk so I don't get taken advantage of. I am having two salwar kameezes made so hopefully that will help me look more like I am from here. I am getting more and more used the Bangalore and I really can't wait to finally move into my new apartment. Everything here really takes a long time to do, its really amazing how things still function here. I just don't get it! Being from the States I am very used to everything being INSTANT! I thought I was already a very patient person but this place is really testing me. Hopefully something exciting will happen this weekend! I am planning to go to Mysore and hope I will have a friend to go with me! 
Can someone from Bangalore, tell me where the fun discos, pubs are? I heard this is a pub city but where are the pub going crowd hanging out? I tried to scout them out on MG Road but either they were super shy or they really didn't go out at all. Or perhaps I was just to straightforward in my questions and shocked that I would ask such questions. I was a little disappointed. I am ready to meet some cool people and show me how the Bangaloreans party! Particularly the trance going crowd! :) I know you are out there! 
Some new terms I have learned. Can anyone guess what they mean?1. freaking out with friends 2. fashion inners 3. arranging furniture 4. turning on geiser in shower 5. there is no gas in the soda popI will write more as I come across them.
rlLinkSuper Speciality hospital in Puttaparthi- This is a hospital (healing temple) on the way to Intel's Whitefield ITPL Tech Park location. It is a considered a very special hospital, a place where healing amongst the patients occurs faster because of its divine influence. The hospital also offers free medical care for all needy and suffering people. The hospital was built by Sai Baba, supposed to be the most powerful incarnation of God on this earth. He has a very famous ashram in Whitefield, very close to work. I would like to visit it sometime. And experience the divine myself. 
rlLinkYahoo! is in Bangalore! I am no longer surprised as to who is here. They are all here. Notice Yahoo! in Kannada (language of Karnataka)....to the right. 
I took my very first hot shower today since I have been here. Its been warm enough that I didn't need hot water other nights or mornings. Well, actually I just didn't know how to use the shower. There is a geiser that I have to turn on to heat the water and I just found that out. It was quite a lovely shower. :) 
rlLinkThe latest fashion wear in Bangalore. All the hot men here where this. :) I will be buying a few for Brandon to wear for me. 
rlLinkMahatma Gandhi Rd and Brigade Rd. - This is where all the major shopping can be done. This place is huge!!! And lots of people! 
rlLinkI bet you didn't think there would be buildings like this India. Yeah....watch out Pearl District! Beautiful brand new apartments in Langford Town. The $300+/month apartment is in here that I am dying to have!!!! 
I think I found a place to live! It is really nice and very cute! And its in the locality that I want to live in. Its close to work, pubs, clubs, restaurants, and shops! And its cheap! Around $330/month for a 1300 sq. ft. two bedroom apt. The interior is so beautiful. Think of Portland style of 20s architecture with a hint of British influence. I am very excited to have seen it. I was told that I should negotiate the rent even lower...like around Rs. 12,000, which comes out to $266/month. So, okay I will try...doesn't hurt to ask right? That's how I got here!!!! Yes, India is very cheap but like the States – there are certain things that are cheap or expensive. Today, I was looking at liquor like vodka, more specifically Vanilla Stoli (forgot the name brand) but it would normally cost $20 in the states, here it costs $6. Cable television here is around $2-$4/month. I bought lunch at the Intel cafeteria on Monday for $0.90 (and yes it was a meal!). A pair of nice jeans here cost $10…clothes are also cheap and the quality is amazing!!! I still can't get over the MNC's (multi-national companies) buildings here...its very western architecture mixed right in with shanty towns or old, dilapidated looking buildings. I just saw Dell yesterday and today I saw HP. VERY WEIRD. Its all here in India! There are also tons of people here….close to 7 million. I have impressed quite a few Indians here with my knowledge of Bangalore - research helped. Impressed that I know the street names and even some landmarks - and also a few of the major stores here. After 6 days just being here, I am starting to feel comfortable and at home. That just amazes me...and I am even starting to do the Indian head nod from left to right. Next thing I'll be picking up some salwar kameezes to wear.
I am a little embarrassed to watch American movies or television shows in Bangalore because there are many kissing, touching, or sex scenes. We don't realize it because its so normal for us. But in Indian Hindi movies or television shows they don't show very much affection between the opposite sex. If they do, its quick kisses on the lips and there is no emphasis on the action. American films just look so pornographic here. Those type of scenes really stick out. And it makes me feel like I am watching embarrassing scenes with parents. 
I just met a co-worker today at Intel that also just arrived from Portland, OR. She made me homesick. We spent 10 hours at NEO (Neo Employee Orientation) today. I already knew most of the material. I am tired. I am homesick. I miss Brandon. So what's going on in Portland this weekend? 
After breakfast, I met an American couple from NY, one who is working at the Goldman Sachs Bangalore office and her partner was just tagging along. They are staying in the same apartment complex that I am in and have been in Bangalore for one month now and they are in love with the whole city. They took me along on a mini tour of Koramangala (the locality we are staying at) and MG Road/Brigade Rd. (main drag for shopping, eating, pubs, etc). I was very impressed with the quality and price of clothes whether it was western or traditional sarees/salwar kameez. $$$$ here can go a very long way. I must say that I am now excited to find my own place and start decorating it. We walked into a few home stores and found beautiful glass tables for $50, decoration pieces for $4-$20, silk curtains/sarees for $10+. You can even get pure pashmina embroidered shawls with beautiful intricate designs from Kashmir for around $150. The pashmina embroidered shawls take a month to create and each has a unique design. You can't really find these in the states. Plus, the whole shopping experience for pashmina shawls can be quite an experience. We were in the store for an hour and the sales guy bought us tea and told us stories. By the end of the sale we already knew how many generations of his family that have been running this store, who makes the embroidered shawls (says its a 75 year old man), and we learned that there are no elephants in Kashmir even though he sold many elephant statues in his Kashmir store. India can be quite strange.After that ordeal, the ladies took me to a Coorg restaurant called Coconut Grove. Coorg is a another city in the state of Karnataka. Every meal I have had so far is a memorable experience. I had this dish that was spicy fish tamarind & coconut-based sauce with yummy coconut peppered rice. Oh my GAWD! I am in food heaven! I thought I would miss the ethnic diversity in Los Angeles! 
I think I am coming down with a cold already. Sucks! I hope it is just that and nothing more. 
I consider myself lucky to have Asian features because I do not stick out as much in Bangalore. In fact, I can walk down the streets unnoticed and no one really bothers me, regardless of my western clothes and Adidas running shoes. Its really nice to have this anonymity. It would probably get annoying if people came up to me all the time. I guess I wouldn't be able to handle being a famous person. I get the occassional stares or double takes...I can sense that they know I am not from here and can see they are trying to figure out where I am from. Without opening my mouth to speak, I can be from anywhere in SE Asia, as well as look Nepalese or be from the NE region of India, where I heard there are people "that look like me". Once they hear my American accent though, they hear dollar signs. 
rlLinkClub Cabana - With only 12 hours of being in Bangalore, Cecilia is welcomed by soothing beats down tempo. I ask the women in my team if they knew what kind of music this was. And one of them says "rap". I thought to myself, okay, she won't know who Paul Van Dyke is then. But later, more electronic sounds were coming from a different ballroom at the Club. I quickly run to the soothing sounds to find a couple of Indian guys setting up music for a party. I ask one of them what this music was and he says trance! I said "YES!!! Tell me more!" And well, they told me where the clubs that play progressive house/trance. We exchanged cards, they are from Oracle and they know how to party. (I hope.) Let's see how its done Indian style! 
rlLinkOf course the bus is aptly named Rajesh. We drove for an 1 1/2 hr North of Bangalore to a resort called Club Cabana where we spent the day playing ice breaker games (language is not an issue at all - their accent takes getting used to but for the most part we understand each other), watching them fight because they keep changing the rules (where are the processes?), eating, watching the local monkey family play on the trees, eating, more ice breaker games and fighting, more eating, bowling to sappy love songs from the 80s/90s, and then of course ending our day with a late afternoon chai tea.Oh my god...South Indian food is so yummy! Its definitely nothing like the Indian food we find in the States. This IS more spicy, more flavorful but less rich and more sharp in taste. I will like this very much! 
I think about how Portland is just waking up while I am just heading home in the dark in a rented tourist bus that the Bangalore Intel IDS team got for the Team outing event today. It is really weird....to think that the other side of the world is REALLY that different. I really can't compare Bangalore to Portland or to any other city in the States. But its so hard not to compare this new culture to what I am so used to back in home. I shouldn't and its unfair to. I have only been in Bangalore now for the last 16 hours and the amount of emotion I have gone through, I hope will be the toughest roller coaster ride of this year. I felt I had made a mistake and wondered what I had just put myself through for the next year. Was I really ready for this? I don't believe there is ever adequate preparation for decisions like this one and the most important thing that you have to have is the ability to accept, adapt, and stay sane regardless of how upside down your current environment is. I wanted different and yes I got it. But was I truly ready for it? Maybe, maybe not. I don't think I could have done more to be prepared. I just really had to dive into it. India is very much alive. She is filled with irony and extremes of the opposite ends. Here, when you see something unusual you have to basically accept it when in other realities it just couldn't happen. So yes, cows do roam the streets as they wish. They are everywhere. They just hang out and sit there...walk around, stop traffic, hang out with other cows, moo at people, spend time at Hindu temples, and even hang out at the entrance to the freeway. Nope, its not BUMs hanging out with signs asking for money, its a cow with bells wishing you a safe journey before you get onto the ramp and speed drive like crazy. This is definitely not a vacation. 
Incredible India. That's what she says!I feel like I am in the Philippines!!!! I am in Mumbai. Its so HOT and HUMID here! (and kinda stinky). I sweat everything out!!! Its so colorful...lots of saris and salwar kameezes. Anyway, its not as bad as I thought it would be. No masses of beggars waiting outside...but of course it is 2am in the morning...but it could be worse I suppose. Next stop bangalore..then I am at my new home. I am amazed that I can access the internet from the domestic airline. Its 50 rupees/hour. That's around $1.05/hr. I had a very nice man help me out from BOM intern'l airport to domestic. Baggage claim was pretty chaotic...there was no order at all. In fact the whole process at the airport was non-existant. Lots of pointing and very laid back attitude. Putting your bags through x-ray was really just a waste of time. No one was even scanning. They look at you funny when you ask a question, or maybe they are just looking at ME funny. Most of the Indians I've encountered are kind of confused as to why I am here. Oh well...next stop Bangalore. 
7:35AM, June 10. Its weird thinking that the West Coast is falling asleep now. After 11 hours of flight and 8 hours of a baby kicking the back of my seat (very cute:(), I am now sitting at Schiphol Airport, paid $12/day wireless connection. I am tired. Excited. Missing Brandon. Next stop, Mumbai. 
rlLinkGigantic buttons are cool! 
Just two more days to go!!!
Okay, all my stuff is gone. American International Relo movers came yesterday and my stuff will probably leave before I do. I won't make it on my flight to Bangalore tomorrow. My visa application has not been processed yet. I knew this would happen. I tried to be optimistic but knew that there wouldn't be enough time. It looks as if some of my supporting letters quite possibly got lost in the courier land. I will most likely leave the country next week. Sucks! I was looking forward to finally leaving despite the cold feet I have been experiencing. Oh well. At least I get to hang out in Portland with Brandon a little longer. 
Is anyone from PDX reading this? What happened to my Portland friends??? I miss you guys! I can't even tell if anyone is reading this blog. Where are the comments? Only people from Bangalore and my fam are posting comments. Let me hear&nbsp;PDX roar!!!!!
Quick update: I've moved to my apartment and I am swamped with work. Kylie is getting bigger and she's learning how to potty outside. She's now around 7 weeks old. I will have more updates this weekend. 
I woke up on Thursday morning with a really bad sore throat.&nbsp; It didn't bother me much until this morning. I woke up with a slight fever, throat and neck completely inflamed, vision a little blurry and some pressure around my forehead.&nbsp; I could hardly get up without feeling worse so I stayed in bed all day trying to recover. I decided to call a doctor. Its very unusual for me to call a doctor immediately but since I was living in a different country I thought I&nbsp;would be on the safe side at first.&nbsp;I called the reception to call a doctor. The doctor&nbsp;came and did a check up. The doctors here actually do house visits. That was great! Because I did not want to have to ride the bumpy roads just to get to one. The cost was $11 for the house visit (for the BEST doctor) and $3.33 for the medicine she prescribed. Wow! I was really impressed...I was feeling extremely sick and a couple of hours after I took the medicine I was feeling almost 80%. I was able to get up, my headache went away, and my swollen throat eased up. I was so amazed.&nbsp;&nbsp;This is the fastest recovery to any sickness I've ever encountered. 
The most invaluable item&nbsp;I have purchased in Bangalore so far is&nbsp;a 100 page detailed city map.&nbsp; I had come across it while shopping in a small bookstore&nbsp;at a department store called Bangalore Center on MG Road.&nbsp; If you know me, I love studying city maps. It is an important way for me to understand the way cities were built and why they funtion the way they do today. And its also the fastest way for me to integrate and orient myself with the city. Most Bangaloreans have never even seen this city map. I am very excited to have one in my possession and I plan to study it well. They should give this book to people that have newly relocated to Bangalore because this is not a very easy city to remember street names. In fact, there really aren't street names on the streets - its just not intuitive to find. In order to find out what street you are on, you need to look at the business signs because some of them have the whole address printed on the sign.&nbsp; It really makes locating businesses/homes a little difficult. I read that Bangalore was built piece by piece. Each locality&nbsp;back then was built&nbsp;by a different ruler.&nbsp;So that's why&nbsp;the city layout is&nbsp;so complex.&nbsp; &nbsp;Looking at a Bangalore map reminds me of looking at a the cracks on a dry bed desert floor. There's no structure to follow the streets just kind of run into each other at various angles and some of the continuous streets' name changes at every other intersection. A typical Bangalore locality will be either a "indian name" Nagar or something else, then it will be in "indian name" Layout or a 1st, 2nd or 3rd Stage. There's even a 1st - ? Cross or a *.* Main Rd. Kinda confusing huh? I used to freak out with the complexity of the addresses but this new map will quell my fears. Other nice things about the map is I get to see where all the parks are. Bangalore has a lot of parks and it even includes landmark names, which is super important because landmarks are used in finding places.So by the time you visit me in Bangalore, I will be able to give you a personal tour. :)
I have been here for a little more than one month now. Since I've arrived I have not cooked, cleaned my temp apartment, done my laundry or driven myself. I don't even pick up after myself anymore. I even have small groceries like water, diet coke, bread delivered to me. I have people here that do all that for me. I feel so spoiled but its just a daily part of life here to have hired help. The apartment I am staying in is a full service apartment. Think living in a hotel every day. Its just like that. In effect, I now have more time to do things. But what? I have no personal chores anymore. I suppose its more time to do fun things that I like to do. I am still trying to figure out what that is here in Bangalore. I should really start enjoying getting massages and facials every week. I can get used to that pretty quickly. :)
Due to the heavy down pour (its rains like someone turned millions of faucets at full power) we've been having for the last few days I am unable to move into my apartment this Thursday, I have to wait until July 20th. No progress has been made. It is so frustrating! I just want to settle already. How hard is that????
After getting to know my driver Prakash for the last three weeks, he invites me to meet his family in the outskirts. He lived in a village near the Iskcon Temple in the NW part of Bangalore. I had just bought Kylie and thought it would be a nice gesture to meet his family. So after we got Kylie Prakash took me to his home. It took about 30 minutes to get there from central Bangalore. He lived in a very narrow street of about 30 homes where more than 60 families lived. There were dogs, goats, children, and adults, roaming the street. Each person we passed peeked into the car curiously. The street fit the car but another one would have caused issues.We got to his house and he opened the door to a 12x12 room that contains a TV a small bed and a hindu altar - next to it was the bedroom and kitchen. His house was very small for the amount of people that lived there. His parents were sitting on the floor making paper incense holders for the Pooja (meaning prayer) and to sell to people. When they see us they quickly put their work away. Prakash proudly tells me that this is his mom's own business. The people will come to their place to make the purchase. She doesn't go door to door selling the items. The family didn't know that I was coming and Prakash was scolded for not calling them before. I meet his parents, his beautiful wife, two little girls, and Julie the Pomeranian, and two baby goats and the mommy goat. Sorry I cannot remember their names - I am seriously a tough time remembering names here...they are not the normal names I am accustomed to. Since we just got Kylie, Prakash offers to give her a bath. So he asks his mom to bathe the puppy. Prakash leaves then comes back with shampoo....its not a bottle of shampoo but one of the sample sized ones. I say to myself "doh", how can I let them use that for a puppy? I made a mental note to replace that shampoo. So I watch Kylie getting her first bath...she is yelping at the top of her lungs. But when it is done Kylie is clean and beautiful.I take a look around in the back yard, it is a good size. There is an Indian toilet outhouse and a clothes washing basin. The goat and her family also lives back here. Back inside, they offer me some food. I washed my hands properly and then was given a very huge plate of rice and dahl. The quantity of rice was enough to feed 3 more people...at least according to me. I became worried because I knew I could not finish it all. And all I kept thinking about was the scene in the Temple of Doom where Indiana Jones, the Kid, and Willie find themselves in India and they were being offered some food by the village women. Willie wouldn't take the food and Indiana says..."Eat it. This is more food than what some people eat in a week..."So then I tried my best to eat up everything on the plate. They brought out more food, spicy, egg omellotte, and more dahl. My stomach was about to burst and then Prakash only finished half of his plate then he gave it to his wife. That was my chance to hand my plate to her also! After lunch, they served me some hot Chai tea, which was absolutely delicious. Chai is definitely my favorite tea here.After lunch, the grandmother was smiling and staring at me. Then she started to say something in Kannada. Prakash said that his mother wanted me to try on a Saree and take pictures. She wanted a picture for herself. So I said I would love to try on a Saree. So the grandmother smiled happily and took me to the other room to change. The wife and mother then brought out their collection of Sarees. They were so colorful and elegant. I chose a dark red colored one. So they wrapped me up in the Saree, put a bindi and kum kum powder on my forehead and took pictures. Prakash told me that his mother said I looked like a doll and I am nice to look at. I thought that was funny. I am happy to be his grandmother's doll for the day. She also asked me if I can take one of her granddaughters back to the States.Once the excitement was over they show me family and wedding pictures, then we watched TV for a little while. Cable television service here costs around Rs. 200/month, which is around $4/month. There wasn't much communication...they didn't understand any English and I of course couldn't speak Hindi or Kannada but I could tell that my presence for those few hours made it an interesting day for them. Prakash says that I was the first foreigner his mother has ever met. His whole family was very sweet...this was a memorable experience for me. 
It has been one month today since I first arrived in Bangalore! One month has really gone by quickly. To celebrate my first month I went out with a couple of work friends to a pub called 13th Floor. I must say that I was very impressed with the place. The pub was on the 13th Floor of a business center called Barton Center on MG Road. The decor was very much a posh bar that you would see in Los Angeles or San Francisco where you go to want to be scene. If I didn't know any better I would think I was in Skybar over looking Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood. It had a very mod style and of course because its India the service was quite excellent. The place was pretty hip and it had a nice outdoor seating area where you can view the Bangalore skyline. The drinks were pretty tasty, I don't quite remember how much they cost. It wasn't that I was drunk but I just didn't pay any attention to it. There was a good mixture of male and women but of course the men still outnumbered the women by far. The only thing that I must complain about though is the music. They were playing late 80s early 90s music. And it was too loud. Its very hard to have any conversations. Throughout the night the music just gets louder and louder. I wonder why the pub owners prefer this. It definitely kills conversations. Earlier in the day I met with up some people from Oracle. Remember my first day in Bangalore? How I heard electronic music coming out of a hall at a club resort? Well I finally met the people in charge of the party and had a great conversation with them. Yes I had found the scene my first day but it was just a matter of time getting introduced to them. I am pretty excited about the future party scene...it is definitely underground here, they don't even know who many of the famous DJs that we know about - in Bangalore it is still in its infancy stage and I am curious to see how they have fun here. They mentioned that Goa still has the best parties in India! How exciting! Slowly but surely my social life is becoming alive again! 
rlLinkI am Kylie Kotton! 
rlLinkCecilia and her new buddy - Cotton? 
I just noticed that I have picked up the Indian head bobble. When you speak to any Indian whether you are asking them a question or just chatting about anything, they do this thing that looks like a head bobble to me. It baffles me! The first time I saw it I was thrown off a bit. They will tilt their head to one side, I think to the right and then slightly go to the left with a couple more "bobbles" You know those ceramic figurines that people have in the cars where the head is attached to a spring and it bobbles left to right when you move it? That's what it looks like to me. And slowly everyday I catch myself doing it too. I find it amusing and I laugh to myself when I do it. I think when they do this head movement, most of the time it means they are agreeing with you. I figured out when they tilt it to one side, they are saying yes. I haven't figured out what the gesture is for no. I think it is the same as ours. You gotta love it! :) 
Okay, so the transition to Bangalore wasn't all that easy. The first two months were hell and sure there were good times but who says that moving to an "emerging market" is ever easy! My team mate just came back from a 4 week business trip to PDX. After seeing the "lifestyle" there she highly commends me for my acceptance and patience of the life and culture here in Bangalore. Its funny to hear her say that she is homesick for Portland....I am too! After all I did exchange my life in Portland for a life that is the complete opposite of what I have always known. But now that I have moved into my own apartment, furnished it, found tofu, garlic powder, diet coke at a market just two minutes away, enjoying my 5 minute commute to work; I feel like I am now finally starting to feel and flow with the rhythm of life here. That is a beautiful feeling. But I do miss my everything & everyone I left behind in Portland and SoCal. I try not to think about it too much...and that helps.Soooo....I live in a very nice neighborhood in Bangalore. I consider it to be the NW 23rd of Bangalore...I think all the yuppies live here. On my street there is a really good market, fruit stands, chinese restaurants, juice stands, etc. I have everything there. Then just 10 minutes away, there is a street called CMH Rd. where there are more restaurants, music stores, international markets, clothing stores, coffee shops (the favorite coffee shop here is Coffee Day - there is no Star Bucks here), etc. Its like NW 23rd & NW 21st....minus the infrastructure though. Well actually the infrastructure in this part of the locality is fairly good compared to other parts. But I LOVE it here! Its a central location and very close to the major points of the city. I also don't drive. I take the public transporation, either an auto rickshaw (a three wheeled auto) or city taxi. You can find autorickshaws everywhere...each morning I just walk out onto my street and a 50 feet away there is always one waiting. I take that to work...and 5 minutes later I am there.It is very convenient. Its nice not having to drive.My apartment is a modest 1 bedroom apartment on the first floor of an independent house. My rent is around $155/month and it was unfurnished. What that means...there is no fridge, stove, washing machine, etc. I had to get all those things myself. The stove is gas powered. I had to purchase a gas cylinder that hooks up to the stove and I have to get it refilled every month. It was pretty fun furnishing my own place.....I've never had my own washing machine before and now I do. I got some really cute furniture here for very good prices. I will take some pictures of my place and post some up soon. I also went to a club two weeks ago and had a blast! I will write more about that later. 
ahhhhh im really tired i havent had a proper bloody sleep since last friday, i honestly think im dying. maybe thats abit extreme! oh wellllgreen tomorrow, but it will be all quiet cos amys not there, cos shes in france. but mell and coop will be there i hope! YAY! mell forgave me, isnt she nice, but i thought i had lost my best friend over one stupid drunken night but i havent. so me alll happy again! *dances in circles*oh well me thinks me might go and retrieve food from kitchen now!!!&nbsp; tata my fwends! 
Im so so so so sorry melll, i didnt mean to, i didnt mean to hurt you. but i didnt realise what i was doin i had had too much to drink! &nbsp; last night i was at a sleepover at my friend amys house and i was flirting so badly with my best friend mells boyfriend i feel really evil and like a right slut. i hate myself for it!! i dont feel to good now so i dont particaluraly want to write anything anymore! bye! 
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! for 7 great weeks school is over, i am soo pleased cos i hate school soo badly i wish i could just leave now and never go back!oh well i cant! changin the subject quickly i got my nose pierced yesterday even though im a bit pissed off with it cos i asked them to put a silver one in and they put gold in!!!!TSK!&nbsp; amys sleepover tomorrow for her birthday! must remember to make her a card and a pressie! &nbsp; all i have done today was to go to the green, i was quite cool but then again it was quite borin because hardly anyone was there which was shit all together! i cant be bothered to right anymore so im goin now! 
nope this post isnt about the new rasmus song its about my guilt! earlier on tonight when i was comin back from school this goth from the school nxt to me got started on by some charvs!!! i wanted to go over to them and tell them to lay off but i didnt! but i have just been talking to my friend kate and apparently this girl goes to her school and she gets picked on all the time. i feel really sorry for her cos i know what its like to be picked on cos it happens to me all the time and i also feel guilty because i did go over and stop them from hurting her. i feel so bad and i know i didnt know her but i still would of went over and told them to clear off. even if they had of started on me she would of been safe becuas ei dont care she didnt deserve to be gettin the piss takin out of her like she was!:(
god damn stupid assemblies i wish they didnt exist cos all they do is make yu fall asleep theres no point in them, i had three hours of assemblies today and tomorrow i have another two hours. argh!!!!!!!!!!anyway on to a brighter subject its my birthday in a couple of weeks and since we brake up tomorrow im havin a few friends round to mine which should be fun fun fun!!! oh but before my birthday is my mams wedding and im not lookin forward to that as much becuase i have to read in front of everyone and play my god damn cornet, oh yeah and to add to that i might be singing in front of every one to! oooo the joys! ooooo and tomorrow i go and get my nose pierced! Yay! *dances* but it might hurt :( and me dont want it to hurt!*stops dancin* well enough of this blabberin on i have food to eat!!!tata +^*rachie*^+
today at school was basically CRAP! ive decided im quitting band becuase i cant put up with the stupid rat arse of a music teacher.woo hoo!! only 2 more days left at school but there is a downside to that its 2 whole stinkin days of assemblies which sucks!!!argh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! oh yeah and sarah fenwick is completly pissing me off, that stupid ginger cow!!! i realised once again that shouldnt care for anyone but herself! and sarah if you do read this I DONT CARE! so go running off to mummy as usual but she doesnt like me and my family anyway so im sure she will have lots of useless crap to say about my family! well thats all from meee todaytata!!
melll my bwestest friend has just shown me today how much of a good friend she is to mee even though ive been a total bitch to her, cos you see her boyfriend dumped her a week ago and i have been such a bitch and flirted with him ever since they split up!!!!!!!!!!but today he asked me out and i sed yes and i thought she was gonna fall out with me because of it but shes been really undrstandin about it and she doesnt mind!! i couldnt get a better best friend then her, cos i was really worried that i was gonna lose her, i wouldnt of blamed her if she did fall out with me, but im so glad she hasntaww i love her so much for being a great best friend*mwah* well im off to france tomorrow, to spend 10 whole days with my grandad, it should be fun, i get to see the doggys yay!! and the horsies hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe maybe that was a bit ott but hey me dont care well, will fill out nxt post when i get bck bye x
Peter came home today. It was a suprise. He hurt his eye and had to take a few days off and put drops in his eye so he came home to us. It was nice to see him but he's acting so out of it he's driving me nuts. He said it's because of the painkillers but I don't think so since all I gave him was ASPIRIN!. The problem is that his mind is still on work not on home. I don't care how much he makes working there. I don't know if I can stand it much more. On another note the crazy neighbor downstairs with the psychotic son decided that she was going to fence off the common lawn and make it exclusively hers. The fact that she thinks this is ok adds proof to the theory I have that she is crazy. I can't wait to move. Only one and a half months left here. Woo hoo! - Briana
I am reading the book Red Tent by Anita Diamont and as a woman reading this book I can't help thinking about menstrual cycles and that of course has me thinking about my cycle. Which leads us back to my first period. Growing up in the type of family that I did we didn't know much about the mechanics of the body or how the two bodies interlock to&nbsp;create babies. Well, if we&nbsp;did know something we acted like we didn't. When I was in fourth grade I&nbsp;started developing and it wasn't long until my Mother noticed too. I don't know what she was thinking but one day when I was lying on my bed kicking back to some New Kids On The Block she threw a pamphlet at me and said you should read this and then she ske-dattled out of there quickly. The Pamphlet was called Julie's Story. Do any of you guys know what I am talking about? Well, it was terrible and after I read that I was shocked and more than a little disgusted. But the moral of this story is don't give your daughter a pamphlet and call it good. Start telling them things bit by bit so they don't get hit with all this information all at once. And make sure it is celebrated. If you don't know what I mean read The Red Tent. That's all I have to say... Goodnight
oday is the first day of the rest of your life. Whoever made that up was lacking a few crucial brain cells. Sometimes I feel like I am waiting continuosly for the next step of my life. Maybe it's the rain and maybe it's hormones but when you have&nbsp;so much time on your hands you tend to be melancholy. I live three-thousand miles from family. Five hours from my husband. I never realised how little I have in common with most people until I tried to make friends.&nbsp;I really want friends but I can't seem to find anyone who shares a love of John Steinbeck and Simon and&nbsp;Garfunkel. I am twenty-six.&nbsp;All the girls my age&nbsp;are so obsessed with&nbsp;the dumnest things.&nbsp;I&nbsp;don't know what to do. I feel like I am so alone and everytime I try to make friends with people I&nbsp;get stabbed in the back. I seem to have this concept of morals and accountibility that has gone out of vogue when I wasn't looking. Women are so catty. I&nbsp;am too straight- forward.&nbsp;Does anyone else ever feel this way?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
urlLinkWhich member of the Fab Five are you?Jai Rodriguez, Culture Vulture It's your mission to bring some culture to men who would otherwise shun art and opera and other such fabulous things. You also can dance up a storm, and try your hardest to teach rhythm to those who have none.urlLinkurlLink Click Here to Take This Quiz Brought to you byurlLinkYouThink.com quizzes and personality tests. AAAHHHHHH!!!!!!*points upward* I'M JAI FROM QUEER GUY! YAYY!!! wow....life can be so fun 
oh joy, i have passed one week with nothing to do and only a little bit into my goal, which i believe russell knows, for the summer. and it just so happens to be ridiculously hot in my house, at a cool sixty five degress. but it is hot...how does this happen? i think i am a fish. so i am dressing like you would at hattie's house, with poor ol' kasidey feeling all uncomfortable, only my brother is the one who is confused. oh the joys of winning the battle. it is so strange how one puny little eighteen year old can belittle me to an idiot in a matter of seconds by proving how i lack a lot of real world sensibility such as seeing my door knob, which just so happens to be right in front of my face. my dad has also shown me that i am probably in my heart of hearts for nader....yea this came as a shock to me since i want to get bush out of office and being for nader won't help. AT ALL. it's not like i can vote anyway...although even if it does turn out that i am for nader, i will still help out kerry. this is because, not including politics and other actually important factors, we share the same birthday and his last name is my brother's middle name.hey look at how i have babbled! if you actually read all this i am so very proud of you, and also wondering why you are so crazy to do such a thing. oh well.. p.s. i was watching colonial house today(i dont have cable*screams*) and the english guy named dominic is really hot...just so you know.
i am ridiculously bored right now and on the computer to escape the fact that i recieved my report card. i made a really bad grade on my english exam(i cried for thirty minutes), however i still have a 4.5, which baffles me beyond belief. oh the joy of having just one screw up.ya know what's sad? i kinda wish school was still in, not for the freshman thing, but i would still see my friends, and i wouldn't have to do the evil pre ap english assignment...please someone tell me why i am subjecting myself to this torture again? i thonk i'll go listen to coldplay later. maybe there uselees trants will make me feel better.(i say useless b/c nobody listens) btw why would you name your daughter apple? i like weird names, but i mostly go for ancient ones NOT my favorite fruit. geesh....celebrities can be so odd.my phantom count---i have watched it three times already this week. i wish i were catherine zeta-jones...life would be so much easier: i'd have an oscar, been in chicago, be able to sing, and not be stuck in memphis! and finally....i did my yoga today and did not hurt myself! that makes me happy. now i have a bit more than 60 days to keep doing yoga.....thats the only good part of summer...not really, but yea you get the point
yes...i am in a funky mood. why did i make one of these again? oh yes...cuz i was bored...oh well, i could care less. i finally recovered from my yoga injury, which is nice since it isnt cool to have a yoga injury, so i shall leave soon to do yoga...and my brother has been speaking in an austrian accent..it is quite odd and rather scary. summer is boring. i want to go see the day after tomorrow...and trust me, i will muwahahahaha...just kidding, i am not going to kill anybody. much love, kristen
my dad and i went to old navy and target today, and i saw tons of things i wanted...man i can't wait to go shopping for back to school.brother turns 19 tomorrow, also anniversary of hurricane elvis(haha...i just like to call it that).... oh crap, he'll be 19....this is so not good, but we got him cool ass presents which i will not name here for fear that he will read it...much love
whoever said summer was fun was extremely wrong....what did i do today? listened to hiphop music on the radio..ah a joyous experience.*must get used to bangs*i need to do something so i can actually say something...since i am talking to myself though, it matters not
man...i have a crazy haircutlol...ok no one shoot me but i am ready to go back to school...i am soooo bored, well once i finish my summer homework, which i started on to day since it too me forever to get through that damn mark twain book...i hate the way that man writes, his stories are fun but he writes sooooo boring....ok enough of my dork moment.i have to go get used to my hair...byebye
i weirdly got this from sara...i say weirdly cuz i don't know why i have her s/n and i was just lookin at her blog....yep...so i bold the movies i have seen, ey? well since i have no idea how to bold, i will use those star things.01. Trainspotting 02. Shrek* 03. M 04. Dogma* 05. Strictly Ballroom 06. The Princess Bride* 07. Love Actually 08. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring* 09. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers* 10. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King 11. Reservoir Dogs 12. Desperado 13. Swordfish 14. Kill Bill Vol. 1 15. Donnie Darko 16. Spirited Away 17. Better Than Sex 18. Sleepy Hollow* 19. Pirates of the Caribbean 20. The Eye 21. Requiem for a Dream* 22. Dawn of the Dead 23. The Pillow Book 24. The Italian Job (the orignal only) 25. Goonies* 26. Baseketball* 27. The Spice Girls Movie* 28. Army of Darkness 29. The Color Purple 30. The Saftey of Objects 31. Can't Hardly Wait* 32. Mystic Pizza* 33. Finding Nemo* 34. Monsters Inc. 35. Circle of Friends* 36. Mary Poppins* 37. The Bourne Identity 38. Forrest Gump* 39. A Clockwork Orange 40. Kindergarten Cop* 41. On The Line 42. My Big Fat Greek Wedding 43. Final Destination 44. Sorority Boys 45. Urban Legend 46. Cheaper by the Dozen 47. Fierce Creatures 48. Dude, Where's My Car* 49. Ladyhawke 50. Ghostbusters* 51. Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade* 52. Back to the Future* 53. An Affair To Remember* 54. Somewhere In Time 55. North By Northwest 56. Moulin Rouge* 57. Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets* 58. The Wizard of Oz* 59. Zoolander 60. A Walk to Remember* 61. Chicago 62. Vanilla Sky 63. The Sweetest Thing 64. Don't Tell Mom the Babysitters Dead 65. The Nightmare Before Christmas* 66. Chasing Amy 67. Edward Scissorhands* 68. Adventures of Priscilla: Queen of the Desert 69. Muriel's Wedding 70. Croupier 71. Blade Runner 72. Cruel Intentions* 73. Ocean's Eleven 74. Magnolia 75. Fight Club* 76. The Beauty and The Beast* 77. Much Ado About Nothing 78. Dirty Dancing* 79. Gladiator* 80. Ever After* 81. Braveheart* 82. What Lies Beneath* 83. Regarding Henry 84. The Dark Crystal 85. Star Wars (the orginial aka episode 4)* 86. The Birds 87. Beaches 88. Cujo 89. Maid In Manhattan* 90. Labyrinth 91. Thoroughly Modern Millie 92. His Girl Friday 93. Being John Malkovich 94. Run Lola Run 95. The Color of Paradise 96. While You Were Sleeping* 97. Signs* 98. The Count of Monte Cristo (2002) 99. Chocolat 100. Breakfast at Tiffany's 101. Cold Comfort Farm 102. Titus 103. What's Up, Tiger Lily? 104. The Empire Strikes Back* 105. Somethings Gotta Give 106. Underworld 107. Bruce Almighty* 108. Along Came Polly 109. Lilo and Stitch 110. Princess Blade 111. Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone* 112. Dawn of the Dead (the original) 113. Centerstage* 114. Harry Potter and the Prizoner of Azkaban* 115. Freaky Friday116. What a Girl Wants 117. Jeepers Creepers 118. Dreamcatcher 119. Alice In Wonderland 120. From Dusk Till Dawn 121. Shrek 2 122. Beavis & Butthead Do America* 123. The Neverending Story* 124. The Hobbit 125. Snatch* 126. To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar 127. Gone in Sixty Seconds 128. Psycho 129. Battle Royale 130. Battle Royale II 131. KILL-BILL Vol. 2 132. Pulp Fiction* 133. Postman Blues 134. AZUMI 135. Gen-X Cops 136. The Last Samurai 137. My Sassy Girl 138. The Breakfast Club* 139. The Matrix* 140. X-Men* 141. X-Men 2 142. Ringu (japanese version) 143. The Ring (english version) 144. Yellow Submarine 145. Elephant 146. Party Monster 147. Amelie 148. Dead Alive 149. Suicide Club 150. Akira 151. Ghost In The Shell 152. The Chicken Rice Wars 153. The Cooler 154. Talk to Her (Habla Con Ella) 155. Ghost World 156. Bubba Ho-Tep 157. The Edge of Quarrel 158. The Toxic Avenger 159. American Splendor 160. The Dangerous Lives of Alter Boys 161. Death To Smoochy 162. True Romance 163. Fargo* 164. The Pianist 165. Welcome to the Dollhouse* 166. Jesus' Son 167. Shindler's List* 168. 2001: A Space Odyssey 169. Citizen Kane 170. Paulie* 171. The Princess and The Warrior 172. Help! 173. Waiting For Guffmani believe that is 56....geez i need to see more movies
 and no one will stop me....muwahahahaha...ok and my bro is all into this new movie project of his and he's gonna make a scary movie at the creepiest place ever and he won't let me be in it!!! he has too...or i will do something, although he did say I could just sit there and doing nothing at some points in one of his odd ideas..but i still have no trust in this....i can scream very well, and he knows it too....he's so frustrating.no birthday cake for you ryan!!! grrr...but side bangs, now those are fun, and i shall have them, soon, very soon....and will have them for school AHHH!!! school *shudders*much love
*dances around room* we got a car, we got a car!! no more walking to rite aid!!damn you dr.phil!!!! i hate you and your stupidness!!!!!ok...goodbye
fore ryan has been looking over my shoulder for the past few minutes as we eagerly awaited to see if the computer was frozen or not, which it wasn't thanks to what ryan says "my stopping clicking" haha...that is quit possibly the most entertaining thing to happen today.....plus i am simply just typing so i don't have to watch yes, dear which happens to be one of the worst shows and the only thing on tv since i have not cable in my home...btw....i am boycotting delia's...only on the web, though b/c it took them3 weeks to tell me that they were out of my purse!!! stupid people on the internet...i shall now only spend internet money on ebay and amazon.com, fore those are the only accreditied businesses on the internet.....,,,crap i have to go kill ryan now..uhh i mean, give him a hug
...i think i may slap somebody....oh well, i'll just go back to my hip-hop music
grrrr....my purse has been on backorder for about 2 weeks! are they just trying to piss me off or do the enjoy to get mean, vindictive emails from upset fifteen year olds who spent all their money on a stupid purse?!?! ok....whew now that that entire thing is out of the way i must say, since no one reads this and i basically write this for myself, that yelling on the internet is a very good way to let out all of your bitter i hate the world emotions....let's see the most i have done since i last wrote my few little words is get sat on by my brother(which is not so fun for those of us who enjoy breathing) and i was on the bus and our bus driver tried to run over two people, hit three cars, and read the paper....all while drivong a full bus downtown at 7 something in the morning...oh the joy of mass transit....ok maybe something joyful will happen and i will have something else to say soon....kristen
wow....i feel like i have not been on the computer in a million years because really all i have done lately is work myself to death and shop on ebay....hum fun... i went to work with me mum today and met zoe...shes really cool...haha i have been talking all day and i have finally run out of things to say...oh well...toodles...i'll probably say more later.
urlLinkWorkin is FUN! especialli at Westmall..&nbsp; urlLink 
x opps! late for my blog again... haha... 2dae was such a busy dae man... Early in the mornin went to sch to do the stupid COMDI project... waited for them for abt 1 hr... but nevertheless work had been done... we manage to comeout with the presentation... haha... Den went off to EXPO fro John Little sale... =) Kind of fun except the crowded part.. Brought alot of things... n out of all of them i found 3 toys produced by SAnio.... the manufacturer for Hello Kitty! Guess wat is it... u will nvr b able to guess it de... 1) Washin machine 2) Vacumn Cleaner 3) Sewing machine... so cute ritez... when u turn the gears the thing will move de... look similar to the original one... haha... so happy.. so long mummy nvr toy for mi le...=) Hao shi cheng Double... hehe... Alan called mi when i was shoppin in EXPO... they having roadshow in Westmall today... The sale was kind of bad n they complained that Zhi wei cannot make it... need a replacement immediateli... so i jus went down to take a look lah... Also dunno how much Joseph wan to pay mi... but overall i have fun... I miss all my frienz there... the way i work... the way how they miss mi... HOw alll the innocent customer being educate by mi.. hehe... The most surprizing thing was i sold 2 camera within 2 hr... haha... somemore got high end de... hehe... tell u somethin sercretli worz.. the total sale was 3.. if mine is not included loh... den ydae was oni 1 CX 7220... If i were Alan.. i will not dare to turn myself up again loh.. show so little pride in his job... He kept tellin mi tat nowaday ver hard to sell Kodak... cos of this cos of that... All this factors i also know.. all along this problems have already b there loh... wat an excuse... =)Aniway, now my dear dear pei his best frienz go MS... when i got to stay at home... but bein the improved version... he went to pick mi up frm the station i alighted den walk mi home before he go... so sweet ritez... realli miss him... --> shh... i jus send a sms to warn him not to anihow lai... hehe... 1st time control him... so funni... abit lame also cos even he go mess again.. he will not tell mi also wat... =p *~ I reall miss my job... All the ppl there r not as fake as ASS** n Vin Vin... they dare to stand out when they kno they r in the wrong n crit mi when i'm in the wrong... not like all of them... =p Hope 27 Aug faster come...~* 
aha... so clever of me to guess that the school lab will be packed with ppl to select the subjet... I was at home doin the selection peacefulli when everyone panick in sch to use the com... hehe... =p Aniway, this ficker minded ger decided to stay at home when she was jus about to stepped out of her house today.. For the simple reason that sheenjoyed her mother accompany.. hehe.. even go studio also too noisy to do work loh... got distracted by everyone...Mm.. for a start, i decided to do a mindmap for the FoRMD... but half way through... i fell aslp... haha.. den my ver caring mother dun wan to wake mi up... so u know wat time i slp until? i slept from 12 to abt 5 worz... haha... =x somemore 2dae rainin.. ver nice weather to slp... haha... Den after wakin up... i got meet GINGER!!!! hehe... he jus come back frm camp den come meet mi le... so sweet ritez... den dunno y 2dae he very handsome worz... not to sae that he other dae not handsome lah... mayb becos of his outfit ba... Can't stop missin him once i c him... Lots of things happen durin that one hr... a ver sweet hour for mi... haha... we played ver stupid game n his smile realli soften mi down... i hav a long time nvr c the smile of his le... Everyday so busy... =)Ditrick sae i change le... did i? haha... all the cuteness within me like being adsorb in TP le... =( so sad.. i still the same old mi wat.. jus tat i got work up over projects easily... haha... For all my best frienz.. mus fill mi up wif infor regardin this area k? i realli dunno anithin abt it loh... =p Start to miss him le... hope that he will hav a ver sweet dream tonite... Lao gong, wan an... I love you... =)
lots of things happened in sch 2dae.. Alex confronted tat ASS**.... everyone was there tryin to talk sense into Alex but tis dun seemed to work... He is still him lah... tat character of his will nvr change de loh... as far as i'm concern... Throughout the whole thing i like stay a very neuture stand... cos i realli dunno how shd i react to it... Too many things hav happen this few daes.. Hurt alot of things when i did not meant it tat way... regardin bird.. Vin Vin... i thin i shd jus concentrate on my project lah... Wat does they got to do wif mi....Mm.. i thin there is this special one that i wan to thanx... for being by my side this few dae... tryin to cheer mi up... n that is....... GINGER! haha... for those that know mi... u shd hav heard of how he used to treat mi.. HOwever, this few dae.. despite of hie tireness... he called mi every 15 min to check up how m i doin... keep remindin mi tat he miss mi... so to cheer mi up... haha... so loveli ritez...(alot of u may thin tat he nan de...) but all along no matter how he treat mi... he always tat loveli de mah... haha...Jus hav to ren another 8 weeks... den able to go oversea wif Dinie they all le... Haha... as usual... sae half the story to make my mum let mi go... =x abit bad lah... but i thin she will understand de loh... but somehow, i realli feel that one dae i can b straight forward to her... miss my GINGER! he ver poor thin worz... got to carry all his equipment n walk 35km till mornin... (if i nvr rmb the no. wrongli) So he now slpin... cannot disturb.....Mm... my blog like gettin shorter ritez? no choice lah.. got to go do my project le... =) jia you! 
inger... i realli miss u.... thin are goin from bad to worst in the studio loh... 2dae got the formd presentation den the mock-up is like last minutes cai finished de loh.. jus before the presentation.... Everything is so unprepared.... Alot of things forgot to brin n becos of that quarrel wif bird... Dunno y i suddenli got so angry wif him... The mood board is like from the begining alrealli disappeared le loh... no news abt it after pictures have been print out... Haiz... Last minute cannot find research, mind-map n everythin so hope to use that to fill it up but ended up quarrellin... also dunno for wat... quarrel le like got higher marks or the board will appear like tat..... Den in the late afternoon, Jason did somethin tat i realli cannot understand.. He went to tell Alex n Bobby abt that ASS*** blog n Alex was like damn angry loh..... he goes around wantin to kill ppl loh... He realli got ver worked up... n i thin jason realli feel ver gulity by saying out loh... 2molo studio confirm havin a fight de loh... haiz... jus hope someone can hold him down.... Aniway, thanx to Ginger n Junyan... they realli cheered mi up alot loh... One lend mi his shoulder to rest n cry, the other change all sort of funni funni lyric song of the song to make mi laugh... Ginger is realli talented in the area loh... Den ppl havin leaves until tue loh... Can pei wo le... =) yahoo! Realli miss him... As for Vin Vin... he is obviousli avoidin mi loh.. so i dun thin i'm goin to care abt him le loh... not worth my attention lah... i rather care more abt my project loh.... I realli dunno wat he wan... haiz... very late le... mus go slp le... nite nite... BTW, Ditrick... ur blog is excellent! i love tat song... 
nother of the boring and sad dae in sch... With all the deadline of projects... fake masks tat crowded around mi... i'm tired.. realli too tired to think n react.... For 2 daes i stayed in sch until the studio closed... It had jus become a place for mi to stay to avoid all the warm i m gettin at home... i just wished to b alone to sort of certain thin in my mind loh... So much things to b done... Den being troubled by Vin Vin... Many of u who read my blog will know this character... He suddenli appeared in my life.. sae tat he like mi.. den out of a sudden... seemed like leaving... If i knew in the beginin tat thin will result to this manner, i would not even listen to wat he hav to sae.. at least i'll not lose a frienz... However, there is this voice deep in my heart, telling mi that he is playing a plank on mi... FOR WAT? how will i know... i just got this feeling loh... i hav a feelin tat i'm in a deep shit now loh... project not done... stirred into relationship problems again for no valid reason... So stupid rite... ha ha ha... Ginger this few dae like treat mi ver good leh... but surprizing, i got no feelin... The smile on my face, excitment in my voice seemed to be there just for show... M i realli tired for waiting for him... not gettin used to how he treat mi now ba... Everythin seemed so werid... To quote him," I tot u always wan mi to treat u better, care abt u... how come u like so piss off now.." WHAT IS WRONG WIF MI.... My temper is going from bad to worst... dunno y... gettin more n more impatient when it come to tolerate will lame jokes n interruption... I feel that i'm becomin more n more unfriendli... Gettin all sort of good attention from ppl that i nvr tot of de... eg. ANgel? haha... The first few week i saw her she is like those... ppl who i dun wish to mess with... Having werid attitude... like how she shouted at Joanne when doin project... but now... i n her like ver close leh... stay in sch together... eat together... work together.... The world weemed to hav change another orbit to turn.... or should i sae that it is jus my life that is in a mess... =(.. *~If pPl dUn mEsS wiF mi, i wIlL my DiStaNc3... bYe Vin Vin... iT shD b tImE i leT gO lE...~*
nother of the boring and sad dae in sch... With all the deadline of projects... fake masks tat crowded around mi... i'm tired.. realli too tired to think n react.... For 2 daes i stayed in sch until the studio closed... It had jus become a place for mi to stay to avoid all the warm i m gettin at home... i just wished to b alone to sort of certain thin in my mind loh...So much things to b done... Den being troubled by Vin Vin... Many of u who read my blog will know this character... He suddenli appeared in my life.. sae tat he like mi.. den out of a sudden... seemed like leaving... If i knew in the beginin tat thin will result to this manner, i would not even listen to wat he hav to sae.. at least i'll not lose a frienz... However, there is this voice deep in my heart, telling mi that he is playing a plank on mi... FOR WAT? how will i know... i just got this feeling loh... i hav a feelin tat i'm in a deep shit now loh... project not done... stirred into relationship problems again for no valid reason... So stupid rite... ha ha ha... Ginger this few dae like treat mi ver good leh... but surprizing, i got no feelin... The smile on my face, excitment in my voice seemed to be there just for show... M i realli tired for waiting for him... not gettin used to how he treat mi now ba... Everythin seemed so werid... To quote him," I tot u always wan mi to treat u better, care abt u... how come u like so piss off now.." WHAT IS WRONG WIF MI....My temper is going from bad to worst... dunno y... gettin more n more impatient when it come to tolerate will lame jokes n interruption... I feel that i'm becomin more n more unfriendli... Gettin all sort of good attention from ppl that i nvr tot of de... eg. ANgel? haha... The first few week i saw her she is like those... ppl who i dun wish to mess with... Having werid attitude... like how she shouted at Joanne when doin project... but now... i n her like ver close leh... stay in sch together... eat together... work together.... The world weemed to hav change another orbit to turn.... or should i sae that it is jus my life that is in a mess... =(..Haiz... dItrickhai mei qi wan ...wo zhen de mei you dou yu de li qi qudo anithin to it le... n i realli dunno wat to do... haiz... abt to fall sick soon... head ver pain now... giddy.... haiz... nvr mind lah.. aniway, no one care... rmb ditrick always tell mi tat EGG's life hav alot of ppl tat r willing to protect her... Where r all those ppl... rUn until where le... y i dun c them around de... Haiz...*~If pPl dUn mEsS wiF mi, i wIlL my DiStaNc3... bYe Vin Vin... iT shD b tImE i leT gO lE...~* 
un realli know wat hav happen to him loh.. Completeli ignored mi for the whole dae... i ver fan meh? *soD* I did not do anithin loh... haiZ... aNiway, the Vin Vin thin got passed around in the studio for quite sometime in the morning loh... Stupid bird go n sae it out... now Joanne, Yishi they all know le... regret lettin him know my blog..2day stay in the studio for the whole dae yet complete ver little of the work loh.... Alot of ppl crowded around mi... when i try to concentrate to do my stuff.... den Daniel they all finish b4 i finish loh... when they started later den mi... so sad....Haha.. 2dae my kok kok came all the way frm his house to accompany mi home when he just return home frm SP loh... Miss a concert wif him... but still feel good meet him lah... We got a long talk on our way back... As usual, he got problem wif his gf.. den thinkin of breakin up after knowing that someone else like him... Forever the same mistake de leh... This kok kok hopeless le...haiz.... But he dotes mi the most loh... take cab down jus to send mi home... Den pei me to meet ginger...=) Seeing Ginger cheered mi up abit lah... at least after a tired dae... as usual.. all the mushy stuff lah... den send mi home... Overall todae is not a good dae loh... Start of the hungry ghost festival, got shoot by ASS** hole advising her.. Vin Vin ignored mi for the whole dae... Ginger met an accident after sendin mi home.. luckli no happen to him... or else ar.. 2molo the project realli dun feel like doin le.. although the sian feelin developed le... Everyone is already too stress out to do anithin le loh... Haiz.. better catch some slp lah... *hope that 2molo will b a better dae...* 
ar has just started... The stress that i got from all the projects especialli FormD realli freak mi out... It is the time when i actualli hav to cope wif deadline... in order to meet my dream in half a yr time... i realli wan to go oversea for the exchange programme to take a look for myself... wat is the life style like for other countries... Being in a family tat both parent are unable to get mi out of this small little greenhouse even for a holiday, i m dying to get out of it n see the world for myself... =)Havin Nanny as my supporter, i believe i can do it de lah.. jus need time to adjust n get the process ritez.. Once i got the hang of it... it is my stage to perform le... i'll not always stay in the bottom de loh.. that not my style of doin thin loh... So much of that le... back to my current topic... Vin Vin.. suppose to meet him to ask for advise on my FormD but he last min fan wo fei ji... sae tat he is not free... also dunno if it is the truth of wat... but nvr mind lah... It is also better for mi to keep a dist 1st before everything is clear loh.. He has also given mi a chance to draw more ideas out.. but the main problem is dunno if i'm still in the correct track... Hiaz.. one word of advise... " nvr pretend that u know everything when u are new in the area... U will die in a ver horrible way..." My FormD is a ver good example... n it is better to ask for advise when u thin ur stuff is in the wrong way... Dun wait until last min... it is ver DANGEROUS! Haiz.. gtg le.. hav to start doin somethin abt it le.. Cannot keep relying on Vin Vin n other ppl... or i'll nvr learn...
urlLinkMiSsIng Vin Vin n GingEr...&nbsp; urlLink 
tupid Lee... Suppose to open up the workshop but dunno where he go to... hai wo went all the way there le den cannot use the workshop.... Haiz... I woke up damn early today loh den meet up with Jason to go sch 2gether... It was such a long journey that the moment i woke up.. i dread going to sch.. However the moment i reach sch, i dun wan to leave.... haha... mayb is the journey back ba....I shd sae that it is normal day with not much happening... Very little ppl actualli went back to studio... Some conflicts are going on as usual... I jus can't understand y PID ppl cannot stay together... there must b this conflicts goin on in between our own ppl... but nvr mind lah... as wat i always know, that is just part of life loh...Haha... Kairen & Adel are in sch 2dae also.. doin project... n they nearli trigger the fire alarm!!! haha... The project that they are doing require them to actualli logic and do something out of it.. (if i nvr guess wrongly lah...) Den there is this part where they decided to add in "fire stick"... so one of them actualli started lighting that up in the studio and that created alot fo smoke.. haha.. so fun!!! hehe... nearli trigger the alarm!!! There is also this part of the project that they have to use wooden block to form a heart shape... so with one push, all the block that are being lined out with fall one after another with any break... The heart shape that they form is realli very nice loh... Both sides are realli balanced...=( What can i sae abt my hubby... still missing... but i realli dun feel like caring about it le loh... konw him for so long le... den all the while it have been like this... i dun thin he will change also.. at least for mi, he will not loh... I'm just waiting the day to come where i cab really gave up completely... As for Vin Vin, also dunno loh... some things can;t be helped lah.. having such a wide age gap... i realli dun get wat he mean loh.. Being so close at a moment and so far at the other... Mayb i shd just leave it lah... Things will fall in place when the time is right...JIA YOU on my project ba... the brain dun seemed to work lah.. So sianz...
 morebefore deadline for FormD... den i now den know i on the wrong track!!! HOW!!! SOS!!! Aiyo... den my grp member like not worried like tat... 1 dunno abt it, 1 reluntant to do, i find nth wrong wif the old one den 1 helpin out... HOW? STRESS!!! Have to do all over again cause fromt he start we are already in the wrong path... cannot make it de... even the concept is wrong!!! Den because of that i think they started to dislike Vin Vin cause of the comment he make... All my fault... shd not ask him over n giv his comment... =(.. Now ppl dun like him n got piss off by him... haiz.. make mi feel so gulity!!!! ErR... no time le... tell u all more about the result other dae.... SIAO LIAO... Hope no one disturb mi.... or they will be.... 
arly in the morning come to sch den found out tat there is nothing i can do as i hate doin research loh.. How many ppl realli used the research to improve on their own project? Lame loh... den i went for this BURNING QNS talk by one of the graduate.. I can sae that it is ver fruitful as i realli learned alot from him. We actualli talk abt the current requirement in the industry, wat the ppl out there look of, will a fresh graduate lose to someone who hav yrs of experience n stuffs like tat... Den i found out that he brought up a very important and interesting qns... how to keep ur value in the market going even after 20 or 30 yrs... by then ur ideas will no longer be fresh... Will ppl in the design industry still wan u?I got struck by the qns... i suddenli realised that wat he sae is quite true.. after 20 to 30yrs... wat m i goin to do? wat is goin to happen to mi? If i realli got a husband from the same line, r we goin to suffer together after the 20 - 30 yrs period? haha... it realli trigger my mind n make mi wan to start sketching n travellin... I need to get all those sketches in my mind out to prepare myself for the future man... Den 2dae saw Vin Vin.... Suddenli both of us like stranger le.. nvr talk... mayb is i think to much le ba... cos normal dae we also nvr talk much de loh... *he jus came n check on wat i doin! =p* so scary... but... =) i realli dunno wat happen to mi... Tired of the way Ginger treat mi.... Tired of holding on to him? Crushed on Vin Vin... haha... dunno lah... dunno how he thin... ERR.... realli dunno wat i thinkin... always so "washy" when come to this kind of stuffs... Hav Ginger still like tat...Yesterday i made Ditrick angry worz.. i kind of ask him to get lost in a indirect manner... n he is angry loh... makes mi feel so sad... so bad loh... always make him angry... haiz... frm a good EGG became rotten EGG le... die ar... but now oni he n Boss will b trueful to mi loh... =(.. i realli wan to take a vacation oversea loh.. Facing all this fake faces is too tired loh... SOS!!! *Ginger went missing for 3 days le...* 
aha... to my die hard fan-ditrick... I'm back! ya.... the chalet things finalli came to an end loh... after so much conflicts... haiz... Mm... let mi think....1 dayThat is the day when i set off... After the lesson, we kind of stay in the studio until very late loh... den everyone very slack... We check in at about 4+ ba... i... No one care to stay loh and i am kind of worried about the BBQ... We gathered ourself in te middle of the nite n started talking about te usual ghost stories.. scaring each other... aha... Yishi got so scared that she freaked off and cried loh... haha... but i also same same loh... hehe... This crap lasted for about an hr or so before everyone started to scream into the mic when i actualli fell aslp on the sofa loh... The chalet finalli resume the peacefulness at about 4+ in the morning....2 dayMm... Our 2nd day started at about 12noon... everyone is just to tired to wake up loh... All low battery le... Den we went "kayaking"... It was damn fun loh although i fell and injured my knee cap... when i am in the highest point of my mood loh.. =pThe BBQ was quite a successful one lah... Mm... the food lasted for quite a long time lah... despite of all the scolding i got for somethin i did not do loh... hehe... rmb the senior i tell u about... Mm.. let name him... "Vin Vin"... he actualli console mi worz... (that wat he normalli will do to all of the PID ppl lah) Den i hav a fun water splashing session with Angel and Jason loh... She lost to me when i allied with Jason... haha.. make mi sound like huai ren ritez...Mm... the light soon darken down and i think is time to slp loh... While some of them went to the OLD Changi Hospital..( as usual), the rest of us actualli stayed in the chalet just to teach Vin Vin how to play majong... =) he is such a lousy player.. haha... but i also not very good loh... Den when it is about night time, i hav this one to one private chattin session with him loh.. =) got to found out things about him and... he realli make my day loh... =) haha... --> dun tell u wat we talk abt.. =x3 dayWhich is today... we got everyone up early in the mornin wwhen we all slp at abot 5+ loh... den clean up and stuffs like tat.. N now.. haha.. guess where i m... back in school loh... =) jus to put all the stuffs and preparing to go K- box... haha...Overall, i think that this chalet thing realli developed hatred between some of us loh.. but no matter what, we r coursemates... We hav to keep together for the rest of the 3 yrs de loh.. this hatred thing mus be resolved soon... n it is a MUST... ok... i agreed that i still have this unhappiness within me lah... den if i m the ASS***, i will b damn sad loh.. when i turned up for the chalet.. ppl shoot mi.. when i try to help... ppl say that i ver fake and stuffs like tat... So... i realli hope that i can try to resolve this loh den realli hope that we have acheive our aim- to bring the group of ppl closer to each other loh... Mayb... at the end of the term... we can have 1 more again.. but this time... i take charge! den i wan to make it a GREAT one to bu chang to the rest... =) kk... got to go le... got scolding by them le... =) c u 2molo... Ming tian hui "gen" hao!!! Miss home cooked food man...
aha... nan de mummmy allows me to go to chalet and stay over nitez... haha... yahoo! My mood today damn good loh... Jus hope that nothing will spoil my day loh.. especially the Ass*** in PID... for those who know me well, i think u shd know who i referring to lah... Mm... This chalet thing had really got all the PID students "together" loh... We got to know who can do things, who can't and who is an Ass*** and stuffs like that...Aiyo, actualli there is nothing i can do also loh... jus wish that after so many quarrels... this chalet thing can be a very enjoyable one loh... n everyone will jus cast their hatred towards each other as soon as the whole thing end...Haiz... we have to see each other for the rest of 3 years loh.. no point doing all this thing loh.. To my poor Joanne, dun take everything to hard lah... there is nothing u can do if that Ass*** just cannot get all what we mean loh...*If a event created chaos, den will it still b counted as a happy event? 
oday is just another ordinary day for me... slacking at home and watching TV... Early in the morning got woke up by my lao gong... then went over to his house to pei him... There is a 360 degree change in his room... All the furniture were shifted... Mm... but i still prefer his past layout..Haiz... then guess what I saw when i'm on my way to buy my lunch with my mum in the afternoon? I met my lao gong worz... but this time... he is with 2 other gers.. haha...For those who think tat i will go up to him n do something funny right... then you really don't know mi well... I didn't do anything... I just pretend that I do not know him and walked off... At that moment, nothing is in my mind.. REALLY! i swear... i could not think of any reason except he is just seeing friends... All the scenes that i saw kept swirling in my mind... but deep in my heart i knew that there is no point asking.. So all the questions were buried inside me until he called!Without myself realising, i let the cat out of the bag... I hinted him in an indirect manner... however, being the clever him.. he understood immediately and explained on the spot... Alot of you may think that "haha... Eileen will not believe you when you say that the 2 gers are your god daughters...." haha.... in contrast, i chose to believe him... Or should I say I chose to deceive myself...No matter what... Trust is the most important thing between all relationship what... so.. what can i do... haha... =) lao gong isIchose de worz... at least he bother to lie to me lah... ( if he is really lying...)
Mm... Today alot of things to blog ar! But is my 1st blog leh... Shouldn't it be something happy? OK... i think i know what to write for the 1st part le... On the firework... hahaFirst time in my life, i actually went down to Marina to view the firework display. The whole display was stunning... It was like just diplaying for your personal view... One after another the colourful firework bloomed in front of me and my pals... (918 guys)Haiz... All the wonderful things ended as soon as the firework finished. Firstli was the divide of cab... wa kao.. treat me like ball ar... throw here throw there... den it was the F**K grp... walked together to Bugis le hai snatched my cab... they ming ming know i rushing home loh... den the worst part is they going towards my house but den ask the other guy from my group to join them instead of me... They GOOD! I realli angry with them loh... What kind of frienz is that man... Aiyo... Never mind le lah.. let the bygone b bygone... Luckly mummy slp le... or else sure bei ma de... After all, i did enjoyed myself today... Just that i abit confused if i should carry on in a group that don't really seemed to welcome me le (or is i think too much)... ~dunno~*~MISSING HIM~*
 have now worn my hair up for five days in a row. I will continue to do so until the yellow sheen in theextremely overdonestreaks settles down into a nice beige. Yay.
amlet has just finished streaking my hair after I achieved the perfect ash blond colour (home bleach; this means I can never see my hairdresser again as she will murder me by digging her perfectly manicured fingernails into my throath). It turned out so good I thoughwow, this would lookgreatwith platinum streaks , and purchased a box of blond highlights. Hamlet specifically asked to do this. The alternatives were: I would do it myself. I personally found this to be the best solution, when I decided to do it. Or: My girlfriend would do it. She is a big giant klutz, and both Hamlet and I agreed this would be disastrous. And then Hamlet somehow convinced me that my right/left confusion would surely guarantee a terrible outcome, and that the best thing for all parties however vaguely involved would be to let his able hands deal with the entire mess. He has botched it fantastically. I haven't rinsed yet, but I can tell. It will lookawful , and I approximate that I am now seventy per cent platinum trash blonde, rather than the desired thirty per cent.I can't tell Hamlet this, of course, because it would hurt his sensitive masculine pride. So I am stuck with the ugly highlights. This depresses me to no end. 
Playing: Goldfrapp -- Lovely Head I don't know how many of those 225 days are shopping days, and neither am Iquiteaware why this suddenly popped into my head. Possibly because of the upcomingin-law-aganza , and because this is the first year Hamlet and I will be celebrating said holidaysans famille . This is such a huge event that I am looking forward to it, two hundred and twenty five days before the fact. I, Ophelia, hail from a tiny little family. I have, oh, nine family members, and then I am counting grandmothers, uncle and aunt by marriage, my sister's husband and my parents' cat. Hamlet has so many family members I sometimes suspect him of being Irish: His parents, who arevery old . His father is closer in age to my grandmother than to Papa; Papa is not so much older than Hamlet'sbrother , in fact. The brother has a wife, and they have spawned. That brings us up tofive . Brother of Hamlet's wife has a retarded sister who lives with them and she is part of all family gatherings. Already we are never less thansevenpeople at any gathering. Wife also believes in including her entire family in all of Hamlet's families get-togethers, hence we have her father (who firmly believes he is a secret agent) as well, which isninecounting Hamlet and me, and seven excepting us. Then there is the uncle and aunt of Hamlet. The uncle and aunt are brother and sister and live together. They are also very religious. This puzzles me, and I find it bizarre and somewhat suspect. Then there are cousins, of whom I have met two, who tend to show up. One of them is married. How many now? Fourteen? Oh, and let us not forget that these people havefamily friendswho have no qualms whatsoever about showing up at family functions. We can rarely go there at all without being accosted byseventeenpeople. Christmas was much worse than that, though. We spent our first Christmas together apart. I went home to my parents', and he, poor thing, was forced to Santa for his nephew. (I am putting a stop to that next year, because I think Santa-ing is below him.) The year after that, I reluctantly came along to his parents' to partake in their celebration. My reluctancy and general skepticism toward the Happy Family Project 2002 was not entirely unfounded, as it turned out.Now, a little about my family first: We are not big on Holidays. While perfectly willing to spend nine hours cracking crayfish with our bare hands while staring at the ocean and arguing about politics, Christmas is mostly just counting heads, shovelling food into one's mouth, exchanging presents as rapidly as humanly possible and then getting the fuck out of the family clutches and the Good Clothes, and into the comfort of one's own home and some really loose fitting trousers. The last ten years, as long as both children (sister and I) have been young adults and adults, I estimate we've on average gone through the entire thing in approximately two and a half hours per Christmas. As I sat next to Hamlet on the train bound for his childhood home in anxious anticipation of my first ever celebration of pretty much anything with somebody else's family, I asked himhow long does this normally take ? He said it would be fairly brief, and that we'd be on our way home before I knew it. Apparently, a thirteen hour Christmas party is not only perfectly normal in his deranged family, it is also a sort ofshortone. I, however, felt that I'd had my fill and then some after the first thirty minutes. We arrived last, because we are never in time for anything. We are always late, and people tend to be very pleased if we show up within an hour of the previously agreed upon time. Then there was a hugging ceremony that seemed to last about a year, but in reality only took fifteen minutes. Everyone came and hugged me --double hugged-- and since I am shorter than most people (and especially Hamlet's family of giants) this meant I was nearly smothered in jolly red and green Christmas sweaters twice by every person. I was feeling dizzy by the time I finally got to sit down and take off my shoes. When I had managed to remove one shoe, Hamlet's nephew came running. He is normally an adorable and quiet and well-behaved child, but when a young boy has been fed only sugar for three days, he will naturally be somewhat excited and active, and he somehow managed to knock both Hamlet and me over, which everyone else found absolutely hilarious and darling. I am not a family kind of person. Mostly because my family is not a family kind of family. Not that we hate each other -- we love each other dearly, and very rarely have conflicts, because wemostlystay out of each other lives and only meet occasionally. We've cleverly made sure we all live a good distance away from each other. Every time I see Papa and Maman, it's a joyous event, and we avoid bickering (which we are all so very good at every time we are forced, through some ill-conceived vacation plan or other, to spend more than two days together). Other things I am not includehuggy ,easily charmed by out-of-control childrenandparticularly interested in anyone's family history, unless it is extremely unique, which it never is . It was all a bit too much for me, so I tore off my other shoe and strode into the livingroom with scarves, coat, purse, shopping bags full of wrapped presents and Hamlet trailing behind me like the exhaust fumes from a fighter jet; all while hissingalcohol, nowat my boyfriend under my breath. (He would not altogether appreciate my culture shock before he spent Christmas withmyfamily the following year, but then he Got It.) Since he is sweet, he immediately poured me a glass of white wine that I downed in one gulp (you see where this is going, right?). The retarded sister-in-law came hopping as much, if not more, hyped up on sugar as the nephew, and sat down next to me. She would remain next to me for the next twelve hours and forty minutes, and she would repeat everything I said at least four times.As an example of the conversation that evening, imagine you are talking to Hamlet's brother (he has no distinctive personality, so he could be anyone, if that helps you) about Portugal, Portuguese beaches and Portuguese wine. Imagine telling him about a trip you took with your father when you were younger. Imagine trying to explain accidentally getting drunk while your father was napping. Now imagineevery sentence you saybeing echoed back at you at twice the volume you just spoke, and with the last word in each sentence said twice just for kicks. Try that forover twelve hours .So naturally, by the time everyone else was getting ready to open presents, I was drunk as a hedgehog. Hamlet later estimated that I downed four bottles of wine and three glasses ofurlLink cognacthat evening, and I think that is one of thoseconservativeestimates.I had not been warned that my boyfriend would be acting as Father Christmas (my childhood was free of jolly old men with beards and red hats), and that this would mean I would be left alone with his cuckooclock family without my usual sense of discretion at hand. Hamlet was suddenly gone, Hamlet's brother was in the middle of some very complicated tale about a ceramic ashtray he had bought for his wife the previous summer, and I was in dire need of a pee, but was not altogether sure I could walk. I felt confused and wondered if it would be too noticable if Icrawledto the toilet, when suddenly, there was a knock on the door. Nephew was instructed to open, and in the doorway, whom but the light of my life appeared, very poorly disguised as Father Christmas! The nephew and the sister-in-law were beside themselves with Christmas glee, the poor wee bairns. I probably appeared to be, too, as I rolled onto the floor laughing maniacally and pointing at Hamlet all decked out in red.At that point, I was seconds away from becoming the unpleasant girl who peed on Mother-In-Law's floor during the Christmas party. Fortunately, the commotion around the children meant I could sneak away without being noticed. I peed, I threw up, I sat shaking on the floor in front of the toilet, crying and laughing at once. The nephew took three hours to open all his presents, and even then, it wasn't time to go home. I had started rummaging around the bathroom for razor blades to slit my wrists with by the time Hamlet got our coats and announced thatwe'd better not miss the last train .I never expected to be invited back, but the following year, Mother-In-Law was most offended that we spent Christmas with my family rather than attend her party -- and she has already mentioned how much she looks forward to having us over again this year. But thankfully, that won't happen. Hamlet has promised me that this Christmas, it will be just the two of us, and we will be in a place without phones or relatives, and we will be naked the entire time, in front of a roaring fire. I will still be drunk as a hedgehog, but there will be no danger of me accidentally vomiting on Hamlet's seven year old nephew. I can hardly wait. 
 am making ablog . So much, then, for the slow-dripping introspectionurlLink greater ladiesspent their solitude on. What Ginny Woolfreallyneeded, of course, was a blog. I can picture it. I am hearing voices. I wonder if I'm going quite insane. Leonard asked me if I was coming to bed, and I pretended to be very busy with the writing. What I was really doing, of course, was reloading my friends page onurlLink Livejournalover and over again. These audioposts aremarvellous , but I've yet to discover how to actually make one. Oh, my paid account expires in three days. What a terrible thing it is, that I am right now without means to renew it. I do, however, refuse to say that I ambloggingsomething. I don't want tobloganything at all, thank you very much. I will write in my blog. I would sayI will write in my web log , but the aliteration is too much for me. I've had trouble sleeping lately ( aha! The onset of madness, no doubt ), and when Ihaveslept, I've been somewhat violent -- not on purpose, mind you; all my life I have kicked in my sleep. I expected this to pass when I had to grow accustomed to sleeping next to someone else, but I haven't spent much time alone in any bed over the last nine years, and I still thrash about when I sleep uneasily, which I often do. Poor Hamlet. I hope for his sake that the other boys at his gym believes I am simply extremely feisty in bed, instead of suspecting him of being a poor sod whose girlfriend beats him up, whenever they eye his bruised shins and thighs. I do believe they eye his shins and thighs rather often, even though they all claim to be the most heterosexual people on planet Earth. He is sublime, and nobody can resist a peek at a beautiful body. He is already up, and is fussing about in the kitchen with theurlLink French pressthat only I seem to be able to figure out. He is working an early shift so that we might get in our evil SUV and whisk away to shop-shop-shop soon as he is out of work this afternoon. Then, even later, we are expecting a visitor -- a friend of mine who will stay with us for a week. It's her fifth or sixth visit to our household. She is very brave. Single, and yet willing to endure sex noises from the bedroom next to hers.I suppose we really ought to be more considerate when we have guests, but I don't think we'd manage to. There is the bed, there isus , and well -- he is most delicious.(Of course, last night I got none, because by the time he got to bed, he only had three hours before he had to get up again. My life is terribly difficult, you see.)
Today I think I had my first morning sickness. I woke up and puked twice then a few hours later.. puked again. :/I went to work today and found out that a friend of mine who is an RN has breast cancer. They think they've caught it in time though. I hope so...After work I went home and showered and napped. Then, I drove the 50 miles to my fiance's house and we had dinner. I also told himI was pregnant.. actually he guessed.Him: want some wine? Me: No I can't Him: why you pregnant *laugh* Me: actually yes I am Him: you are what? Me: pregnant I found out a few days ago Him: are you sure? Me: yes Him: oh my god Me: I'm about 8 weeks Him: I guess we better hurry with this wedding thenAfter that we didn't really talk much about it. After I came home i got on the computer and pissed some people off (not on purpose). My grandmother pissed me off...again. That's about it. 
Well, I guess I will post about my memorial day weekend. Yeah, I'm a little late but that's ok. Saturday night a local marina (4 miles from me) had a big concert/eat thing. Well, almost everyone was drunk by 11 pm including the band (excluding me because I hate alcohol). Anyways, the singer of the band (crappy country/rock/blues band) fell off the stage!! IT was sooooooo funny. Lucky it was just a 2 foot high stage. Well, my friend Rusty told me I HAD To sing so he went up to the band and told them and they made me come up. I ended up singing 5 songs...1. Papa drove a truck (lol) 2. Whose bed have your boots been under 3. Old time rock and roll 4. boot scootin boogie (a duet with the original singer) 5. DivorceIt was so much fun. Some little kid asked for an autograph. I, of course, didn't refuse but I was laughing while I was signing.*Note to self: Get Teri's AddressOk, back to life as it is now.. Today I worked. I still haven't told anyone about the baby because I'm kind of scared. Anyways, I guess that's all. 
A funny little topic going on down at teen hole.Me: ok.. so lemme make everything clear ........... bmxnangelbabe is my daugher so I *pwn* her. I *pwn* blazeshark's tongue and something else (they're all mine bitches mwhahah) blazeshark *pwn*s me and everything I *pwn* cuz of his sexahness.Anja: Wow.. I just realized im a Super Moderator. Me: maybe it's cuz i just now made you one my b00b itches Anja: YAY! Oh, and by the way, that was WAY too much information. Me: I have fleas.. they're invisible and were previously owned by george w. bush IMANALIEN: can you e-mail me one Me: Sorry, they're mine and I'm greedy! IMANALIEN: figures. well, if they have babies, will you send me one? Me: I'm so sorry, they're sterile Haha, the stuff we talk about there. It's fun to have a board you don't have to worry about someone banning you for being stupid. Anyways... today I caught up on my sleeping. I slept a lot. Tomorrow I have to work, that should be fun. I'm so lucky to have my job. Hmm.. I guess I will rant about the internet now.My favorite website is my own I suppose http://www.teehole.tk closely followed byurlLink PB Support2 . Photoshop is messed up, again. :sigh:. I guess I need to reinstall it.... again. 
Today I am off work. I've been so tired the past few days because I get up at 4 am and ususally don't go to bed until 2 am. So, today is sleep day! I'm going to tell my baby that I'll be having one today. I hope he takes it well. Right now I'm eating cheese crackers because i'm too lazy to cook. 
Today I was at work and I was working (duh). Well, at lunch Chris (OBGYN) and his wife Lauren and I were having lunch. We ordered chinese from somewhere I can't remember exactly where. After I got home I cleaned. I was sooo tired (I drive 50 min to work) so I went to sleep.Yeah, boring day huh?Except this morning I found out I'm 7 weeks pregnant. Chris did a test for me being the great guy he is. I can't believe it.. well I guess I can. We had both decided we wanted kids eventually, but I didn't know it'd happen so soon. I'm excited!!!!!!
Ok, so I've decided to start a new blog, I need a fresh start.With the start of each new blog I like to tell a little about myself. My name is Cassie. I live in Texas and I'm 17 years old (18 in October). I'm currently working at a hospital as a receptionist. Most of you who read this will konw me from various message boards.FEEL FREE TO LEAVE COMMENTS Ok, I have 5 siblings.. Logan (15), SHelby (13), Lindsey (11), Katie (9) and JC (2). I'm engaged and am planning to get married sometime this summer. I can't wait. 
I suppose the title would indicate that i made it. All i can say is that the trip hurt! Oof. The first half was fairly difficult being a lot of uphill and a little downhill. The second half was easier but hurt all the same b/c the lactic acid at that point was faily high in my quads. It got to the point where all i could think about was the pain. However, i stopped off at Dead Man's flat for some quick sugar because my blood sugar levels were at an all time low. There i bought some vitamin I. Oh blessed vitamin I. by the time i got to canmore, the pain was all gone. Complaints aside, the trip was a lot of fun. GREAT workout. Talk about your base line cardio. So i got into Canmore bout a quarter to four and realized i didnt know where the hostel was. So after asking some locals where i might find this lodge i got some direction.. it was halfway up a *&#@ing mountain. At that point i got off my bike and pushed it up the hill. The hostel is out of this world. Its nothing like any hostel iv stayed at before. Its beautiful. large rooms, a gorgous sitting room, a modern kitchen, showers, wahing machines, and ofcouse, a computer. So after i checked in, i changed a walked to downtown Canmore, about a fifty minute walk, which is fine since i had to get the acid out of my muscles anyways. I got a light vegitarian wrap at the bagel co. downtown, stopped at IGA (sorry, Sobies) to get some milk for breakky tomorrow and walked back, just missing the rain. Iv been bumming around the clubhouse reading Mags. Its gotta be around 8:15, and i have 3 minutes left of internet use.some things i saw on the road: - A dead deer - large amounts of tire remains - an abundance of dead animalswill report about the trip back to Calgary when i get there 
I bought some new stuff for my bike today at MEC. I got one of those little pouches that sits under your seat. Its now filled with a brand new innertube and three tire wrenches. I also got a water bottle holder and a water bottle. I also bought some biking socks. they feel soooooo much better in the biking shoes than regular socks, so it should make tomorrow's trip a bit more comfortable.Iv found a hostel and made reservations. $23 a night, not too shabby. Unfortunatly my pack is a bit on the heavy side, but hey, thats life. In leaving the house 10:00 AM sharp friday morning.
Goin' to Canmore, baby. Aww yeah. found a Hostel to stay in, should be pretty sweet. Going solo, following the Trans-Canada the whole way. Im leaving @ noon Friday. Even if it takes me five hours, ill still be there well before dark. Ill return either Saturday or Sunday, We'll see how i managed on the way up.--Mack 
The Golden Triangle is put on every year by The Elbow Valley Cycle Club. This will be my first time doing it, and im pumped. Its next may long weekend if im not mistaken, and im pumped. As I said in an earlier post, you start at the Castle Mountain Junction and haul ass up to radium. That first part is all up hill so, oh yeah, that hot spring is going to be a good friend. They then stuff you full of well-earned food. The next trek is from Radium to Golden. More food in Golden. Then, you drain the tank as you go from Golden back to Castle Mountain. I would say its a pretty good deal, $130.00 for such an experience. One of my rowing coaches, who is also a respected member of the biking community, got me onto this. Cheers Blair. Blair has also biked across Canada which is my long term goal. Dip my back wheel in the Atlantic and ride through all provinces until my front tire is in the Pacific Ocean. 
NEVER, NEVER, EVER clip both shoes in and then try to go. The only direction you will go is down. Amateur mistake, and one that is made just once. A few points iv learned1. Clip one shoe in, take a stroke, and while coasting, do the other.2. Be in an easy gear when you start off. you need that quick coasting ability to get that other foot in.3. When possible, avoid trying to pedal uphill and clip your other foot in.4. Most importantly, if ever you are asked to put a tap show on while wearing the cleated shoes, those cleats have another use... denting shins! 
A quick rundown on the bike deal. I originally took it up the sport on a cheapy moutain bike when I was about 10 because the parents refused to drive me up to Casablanca video. I then owned another cheapy bike which I used to putter around in life, you know, to and from school, around to get food and candy and the like. After saying "hasta luego" (thats Spanish for until next time) to that bike, I then mooched my father's relatively cheapy bike. This bike was put to some serious use. It saw all parts of the city, Brentwood, numerous trips around the Calgary reservoir, the bottom of the reservoir (an adventure involving failed brakes and unfortunate hijinx), Mount Royal, and so on. We pourd more money into fixing this bike then we buying it. So after a quoted $300 tuneup, I said good riddance. Being the lazy bugger that I was, I didn't even bother to pick it up form the bike store. I assume it is now becoming something greater in life, like a chain link fence post. I then mooched another bike off my father, a 1978 Raleigh. I will double check the spelling on that. This bad boy was retro. And in great condition... Because it was never used. I quickly put a stop to that. Now, unlike wine, a bike does not appreciate in value over time, so locking it up was never a huge priority. Just stash it behind a dumpster and go on your way. Now with all this money we saved on bikes, I thought it was about time I invested in a bike... A real bike. So after 3 months on my dad's bike, we went our separate ways and I bought Virginia. I might never own a sports car of any sorts so naming this bike is as close as im gonna get. Virginia is a road bike, a Devinci Apex to be exact. $899 marked down from $1299, I paid about $1100 in total. In addition to the bike, bought a kryptonite lock (to keep that fucker Superman's hands off my stuff) , a computer for it, a bell and other biking accessories.Virginia is my pride and joy. I have no sorrows about getting up at 4AM when I know im gonna be biking to rowing on Her. anyhow, it occurred to me after i bought the bike that yeah, i could go somewhere with this (pun completely intended) and toyed with the prospect of long distant bike. Iv done two fifty kilometer on cosecutive days and my big project for this year is to bike to Canmore on a Friday and home on the Sunday. Thats about a 200 Km round trip. My almighty goal for next year isThe Golden Triangle.Its a 3 day, 300 Km trip, starting at Castle Moutain Jnct and doing a round trip and arriving back where we started. Thats all for now. Ill keep this updated... i hope. Mack 
 &nbsp;§ometimes i sit andwonder ,&nbsp;&nbsp;what&nbsp;it would be like &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;To havenot a carein the world,&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;as long as everything wentalright &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Itsnotjust about the game &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Its whether or not the game we play has rules
Tomorrow liesan o ther day ofagony , &nbsp;another day offrustration , &nbsp; another day ofwondering , &nbsp;&nbsp; another day ofstress , and &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; another day ofcontemplation &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;All this in order to think ofonelasting ultimative , &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; onetrue solution , &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;onelast petal , &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; onehard choice , and &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; onefinal thought &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; Is it meant tobe...oris itnot? 
 hadda pretty good day-slept til 2 always good ...soccer practice- fun times like usual haha...and yes my lover kati slept over! oh yes and the highlight of my day was talking to Joe on the phone..yes everyone the phone!...boy is he gunna be tired tomorrow...well today lol talked til hmm 2:51 i think it was? and he has to get up at like 8 or sumthing...well that should be good!---hmm yes today was fun...&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lately ...Ive been watching you &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Beenthinkin bout youbaby...and everythingyou do &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Just sitting awake, watching the days go by&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Have you ever felt a breeze hit your heart&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Like the wind was blowing it apart &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As you're spinning like a merry-go-round &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Indications of a storm touching down &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I wish that i can weather any storm &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But i guess it was a heart break from the norm &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Was a day i willalways remember ...&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The saddest day in sweetNovember &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-^saddest bc i wish itneverended-
 The Other Side...SES&nbsp;And through the night i see the light Shining from the neighbors windows I dream of life where im safe Ina home where i am not alone Some day i will lay me downOn the grass where everything is greener It always seems so good on the other side....----maybe its not so good on the other side---- Safe Home---AnthraxI've been places in my head Behind me worse than whats ahead And on my path just like a dream Takes me from the inbetween From out of nowhere you came strong as stone And now I'll never have to be alone What it is I know....You have always been my safe home I walk-I walk, I run-I run, I burn out into you You have always been my safe home My whole world has moved on...&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ~thinking of you~ 
* ...like a clown i put on a show painting it real even nobody knowsand im crying inside and nobody knows it but me why didnt i say the things i needed to sayhow could i let my angel get away now my world is just a tumblin downi can say it so clearly but your no where aroundthe nights are long and the days are so sadand i just keep thinking about the love that we had and im missing youand nobody knows it but me caring a smile when im broken in two and im nobody without like someone like youand im tremblin inside and nobody knows it but melie awake its a quarter past 3im screamin at night if i thought u'd hear me yeah my heart is callin youand nobody knows it but me baby, how good can i get you could ask my heartand like a jigsaw puzzle its been torn all apart a million words couldnt sayjust how i feel a million years from now you know i'll be loving you stillthe nights are long and the days are so sadand i just keep thinking about the love that we had and im missing youand nobody knows it but me tomorrow morning im hitting the dusty road gonna find you where everwhere ever you might goand im know hold my heart and hope you come back to methe nights are long and the days are so sadand i just keep thinking about the love that we had and im missing youand nobody knows it but me... *
todae so bored went ...arcade veri early to dae after cleaning the house... top up 15 doallars then i tycolism got 5.50 extra...but after todae left 4 dollar onli..-.-no money liaoz...after tat stay there until 2 then go home...do some work...then go east point again...play initial d...after tat...chong qi..find problem with us go de siao steering to challenge ...his friend thought we bully then desiao view change... ha...but later glen break his finger...bu shuang follow us until lost us.. but we went back arcade again find. them settle their way haha..but some of them caught smoking-.-...wt i can say tat chong qi is the main trouble maker...-.-damn him lah...onli a 15 year old with a distorted face...small eyes-.-....kiam pa face....
6.30 am...wake up.....went for a jog....the the whole simei..every corner...play swing...read newspaper-.-...at playground..thinking bout yesterday Accidentally lost yesterday evo..sianz 1/2 all my hard work go down the drain liaoz... Nxt part....went tm with friend play cs ...sian1/2 actually dun one to play one...waste money..onli but no choice need to go so sian...so went parvillion-.-play warcraft instead....then car race veri lame one also...warcraft play the game call TOwer defense veri fun... but die at stage 20 sia veri sway we dun even know the enemies is invisible...-.- didn build reveal tower...sway loh...then leave..loh...went cs play intial d with the sky again...he de siao one lah play fcs with me also..almost same points..somemore play qiu ming xue die loh..then lose didn challenge back maybe nxt time ba...after tat feel lyke go home..veri feverish..but then in the end i go eastpoint first...meet glenn ,saw hf-.-..whole day veri tired like gt fever ......play rx-8...siam home first let them be alone ...reach home pengz until now ..........
haiz....so sianz....aso duno y so sianz aso....now stressing on amaths..die didn listen in cls...now dun really how to do the Q...todae...slack like hell .....thought a lot of things....go arcade see yong long ,and huifen there...playing initial d...para....i play the dance dance thing for free.hit get a credit LOL:Psianz..veri sad todae....aso...so depress aso...dunno y...lvl up my fc3sthanks to yong long....walk home....after eating dinner saw zheng pan and jon....tolking......reach home....see msn...no one speciall-.-....sianz...lie on bed think things..got more sad...-.-do maths dunno how to do....now doing this blog...while...thinking bout of todae dunno y...sainz like hell....felt like living singapore..or this world...-.-ARGH...so frustrating aso todae......
There's this some1 out there who's already made up his mind on tis gal. That he wana do well in uni bcos of her, frames up this v'day pic of them, places it on his desk for motivation and inspiration, knoes she's bored at work, promises to send her a new song everyday hoping tat will cheer her up. Oh by the way, he's in BNE. Thats why he cant do much. But is she gona break his heart like how the bad doppio broke hers? Babe ur so rite. Good guys always come in last. But maybe not this time round, she may just give him a chance.But how bout the hot nose-pierce guy? Is she jus gona leave him aside? Dangling in mid air like wat doppio did to her? Haven tot of that yet. Would you choose to be with some1 you love or some1 who's nice to you? She used to say "some1 I love!" but tat has always resulted in heartaches.One after another. Without fail. Maybe it's time she chose some1's who's nice to her.For it's better to be loved than to love.Sent:Thu 5/27/2004 12:13 AM Subject: Just for you!!!!It's good that you are busy for the day, at least it keeps u occupied. I am really happy for you. So keep on going !!!! So, okie i'll see what i can do ya. Stay cheerful & fresh always!!!! The song will be up when i go to uni tomoro.CoLiN LoSent:Fri 5/28/2004 7:54 AM Subject: Good MorningGood Morning, AdeL Its such a beautiful morning over here in Brisbane.Let me spice up ur day by sending you this all time favourite song of mine. I am very sure u will love it too. Five for fighting - Superman Promise me by staying happy and cheerful throughout your day cos today its Friday. Looking forward to a well deserved weekend i reckon.So, please forget all ur unhappiness and enjoy this song... You will always be on my mind!!!Colin Lo 
Vengence belongs to God.He shall bring their plot to nothing. I shall not take things into my hands. He who sows bad seeds shall reap bad seeds.Ps 31:1-5 In You, O'Lord, I put my trust; deliver me speedily; Be my rock of refuge, a fortress of defense to save me. For You are my rock and my fortress; lead me and guide me. Pull me out of the net which he has secretly laid for me, For You are my strength. Into your hand I commit my spirit; You have redeemed me, O Lord God of truth.Ps 31:9-10,12 Have mercy on me, O Lord , for I am in trouble; My eye wastes away in grief, Yes, my soul and my body! For my life is spent with grief, my strength fails bcos of my iniquity. And my bones waste away. I am like a broken vessel.Ps31:14-15,17-18 But I trust in You, O Lord; "You are my God." My times are in Your hand; deliver me from the hand of my enemies. Let the wicked be ashamed; let them be silent in the grave. Let the lying lips be put to silence.Ps 31:24 Be of good courage, And He shall strengthen your heart, All you who hope in the Lord.This is the third day without you. Have we ever not talked for 3 days? Never. Your passiveness has shown me clearly that you too know that you cannot give me what I want and it is true that you treat me like dirt. That was why you said, "Sorry, I disappointed you." Many times, I was tempted to ask you. Why? Why are you doing this to me? You promised you wouldn't be like him.You promised to protect me and never let me be hurt again.What is it that made you change? Why do you not want to be with me?Is it something about me? Or is it just you? I am trying... Very hard indeed. To let go of you and all the promises you've made.You gave me a dream. And you took it away. That's what you did.
Silent prose for the lovely soulAngel dust spattered across her wings Dreary lust begets the spring. Common folk stand and stare away when ever Adeline flies their way. Sorrow sprung from open heart Her eyes reveal her long lost thoughts Smile to melt the blizzardest of hearts, Mine you have captured without a thought.I hope you like this poem. It took me some timeto think of it, but i think it fits you justnicely. Enjoy and smile whenever you see me, forI only want to bring joy to your life, and neversorrow.Love, BenThanks Ben, thats so sweet of you. Your poem brought a smile to my face, a light to my dreary day.Saturday May 22, 2004 marked a full stop for me and doppio. He will no longer sms nor will he ever call. It is painful. Truly, it is. Hurts so bad. so bad. But he is bad for me. They are all the same. All they can ever say is sorry. "i'm sorry" What good does saying that do? Nothing.I should never have answered that call on saturday. But now I know, That I mean nothing to him. Absolutely nothing.Him:'You don't wana contact me anymore isit?' Me:'Ya' Him:'If I don't call you, you wont msg me anymore is it?' Me:'Yes' Him:'I was sick for the past few days, it's not true that i don't wana tell you wat's going on here. I'm coming back next friday. Dad ask me to stay longer. It was last minute. I called my boss to ask to extend my leave.' Me:'Ya ya whatever.You've lied to me too many times.I find it hard to trust anything you say.' Him:'I've bought the thing for you already.I hope to see you when I'm back to pass it to you.' Me:'Why did you call?' Him:'Just to see wats happening. why ur not replying to my msgs.' Me:'I'd tell you whats happening ok. If you even bothered, you'd have called yesterday when i didnt reply to your msgs and not now, 24hours later and proclaim that you care. You! cannot give me what I want. I feel that you treat me like dirt! and I don't need a guy who treats me like dirt. I'm so glad you are in london. I should never have answered this phonecall!' Him:'I'm sorry I disappointed you. I'm sorry.' Me:'Sorry for what? whats there to be sorry about?' Him:'Sorry for everything. I hope to see you when I'm back.' Me:'We'd see.'Answering your call disturbed me a great deal. I should never have.I should have hardened my heart when your name appeared on my mobile.
For in the time of trouble He shall hide me in his pavilion; In the secret place of His tabernacle He shall hide me; He shall set me high upon a rock. Ps27:5Lord, you say tat in times of trial O'Lord You'd hide me from the evils of this world. Father I pray that you do it now O'Lord The cruelty of this world is becoming too much to bear. Take it O'Lord, take it. I lift up all my burdens, all my fears, all my worries. I lift them up unto you right now Father. I give them all to you Lord. Guide me Lord, protect me and lead me as only you can. I need you Father. Be with me always, I pray.Wait on the Lord; Be of good courage, And He shall strengthen your heart; Wait, I say, on the Lord! Ps27:14The Lord is my strength and my shield; My heart trusted in Him, and I am helped; Therefore my heart greatly rejoices, And with my song I will praise Him. Ps28:7Truly Lord, you are my strength, my portion and my shield, You gave me strength to carry on, to pull through all of my days.The Lord will give strength to His people; The Lord will bless His people with peace. Ps29:11dearest kym, Lets brave through this together, There are many more tomorrows waiting for us to conquer. Let us not be stuck in this phase of our life for too long, They are but passing clouds in our lives. And this I promise you, that after the storm will come the sunshine. -Ade- 
Why did you msg again? Am I glad that you did? Maybe I am, maybe I'm not. Cos all you ever talk about is your flu. Your mother f***king bloody flu.Everything is about you. you're cold over there, you're having a flu, you've got not enough warm clothes. Every bloody thing is about you, yourself and you. YOU ARE the MOST SELFISH PRICK I've seen in this bloody f***ing world.Why do you even msg then? I feel like I'm sinking. I can't breathe. I must be biggest idiot in the world. You are bloody lying straight in my face. YET! YET! I'm f***ing taking it. Taking it all in. Without any confrontation. Without even asking for an explanation.Ask you when coming back. F***ing tell me you duno. When the bloody date was already confirmed two weeks ago. F***ing think I'm an idiot right. Maybe u knoe tat I koe. But it's like so what if u koe I'm lying. If ur not happy about it, wanna leave, feel free to ya. Nobody's stopping you.I'm such a loser. Allow myself to be manipulated by you. 
To find love, the first step is to open my heart, but I've had past hurt,low self-esteem,grudge and resentment. How do I find love? Yes, I can.Love will gradually erase past hurt from my current system. It will remain in my permanent memory, but it will no longer disrupt my life no more.Love will eventually overcome my low self-esteem but first, I have to take grudge and resentment away for they prevent me from experiencing the ultimate power of love. But I don't know how to...The word is forgiveness. The power of forgiveness is miraculous.. really it is.. I have to forgive before I can love again. And I have to learn to love myself before I can love others. To realise my worth, To acknowledge my limitations, To remove self-criticism, to empty it. To make sure it never comes back ever again. And then peace, contentment and smiles will fill my life once again.You are so right my dear smu fren, I am a girl who will not be afraid to love again despite past hurts. And I thank God for that.
Its 5.30pm now. I hate to be thinking of this. Like hey wat's the time in london now? Why didnt he msg me? I hate to be doing this to myself.Why should i even be thinking about him when he doesnt If all he can talk to me aboutWHEN HE'S IN LONDON is "oh i'm having a bad flu, a bad nose,dying liao" then so be it. Wat else can i say? And the next thing tat comes is "oh i'm at starbucks working on my work" Reali tats all tat i mean to him I'm never good enough for him to have any real conversation with. He sux. Big time.But think of it this way, Its gotta end someday sweetie. If it's not today, its tomorrow, next week, next month, 3 months later, 6 months later or a year later Its gotta end. Someday, somehow. You can hold on to this for the next 6 months and nothing's gonna change. He's not gona turn around and say, "Hey gal,let's be together.I wana be with you". No!Its not gona happen that way. Never is it gona be. So stop dreaming oki? Wake up from your dream. There's many out there who loves and cares for you. Why do you only want attention from him? Do you wana be with a guy who treats you like dirt? Be strong my dear. Get him out of your system. Give yourself one month to get him out of your head, out of your life. Truly, if you wana build a new life, you gotta break free from the 3 of them. You're doing great for the other 2. So what's stopping you from this last one? Baby he's the last one. Break free from him and you can truly say to yourself. My new life has began. One month darling And off you go to Tioman. Doesn't it sound like a great plan? Do it gal. You can do it. 
The most important, most critical component in successful loving iscommitment.Not love.Which is exactly what you lack.It's easy to love without commitment. You do it all the time.Easy to love, to give of yourself for a while. It's easy to sweet talk. Anyone can do that. Words are free,adel. Words are free.But commitment impliesbonding in such a way thatone promises to keep the fires oflove burning indefinitely. It also means shutting one's heart to thepossibility of loving another whomight even be more attractive, even more lovable.It is not easy.This is why solid commitments are not at all as common as we are led to believe. Love cannot be measured and that is a huge problem. I can love someone and tell him "I love you"and I'm telling the truth. But how much do I love him? Enough to let him court me? Enough to want to marry him? Enough to be willing to die for him?Which is it? The greatest test of true love is commitment. And the greatest indicator of deep love is deep commitment. There can be no doubting this. You often say all the right words, make all the right moves and pledge all that crappy everlasting undying love, But I know you'd walk away in weeks or months to come.Maybe even overnight, You'd change. Faster than the speed of light.Were we ever in love? Sure we were.But not enough to allow us to hold strong in our love. Not enough to keep a commitment regardless of the pain.
How sucky can this get Don't like the idea of lunching alone Its boring. Cant eat when i'm alone Yawns, yawns,Everything is boring here. And yet gonna have to do this for the next 3 months!!! Geez........ Sob sob..... No one to talk to at work No one to lunch with How sad can life get There's work to do alright Boring paperwork that is Compiling statistics of some Oxford Placement Test thingy... Spent the entire afternoon doing charts on Excel Not feeling useful here...
Eve was not taken out of Adam's head to top him, neither out of his feet to be trampled by him, but out of his side to be equal with him, under his arm to be protected by him, and near his heart to be loved by him.wow how beautiful is that.. finally i understand the purpose of creating Eve out of Adam's rib...What did God have in mind when He made two sexes? What is His plan?God has made us male and female to tell a story too marvelous for us to fully comprehend. He has made the sexes different from each other to reflect a reality that existed before we did. Following God's script for our sexuality in every scene in our lives means that we are depicting the truth and faithfully telling His story. And when we do that, we experience the fullness of life that God wants for us as men and women.His plan leads to our joy and fulfilment.God assigned men and women different roles. God made Adam first, Signifying his unique role as leader and initiator. He created Eve from Adam and brought her to Adam to be his helper in the tasks God had assigned him. She was made to complement, nourish and help her husband. God’s greatest gift to man was “a helper suitable for him”.Men and women were created equal, yet different. God didn’t make us to duplicate each other, but to complement each other.“ The world cries for men who are strong- strong in conviction,strong to lead, to stand, to suffer.” I pray that you will be that kind of man, my dearest doppio. Be glad that God made you a man, Be glad to shoulder the burden of manliness in a time when to do so will often bring contempt.If a man’s greatest temptation is to be passive, A woman’s greatest temptation is to take control. The man isn’t setting a course,so the woman grabs the steering wheel. It might fix things in the short term, But in the long run it only discourages men from playing their God-given role as initiators.I can encourage men to be men by refusing to do the work of leading for them. I want to avoid developing a habit of initiating in my relationship with men.But now with doppio, Somehow, somewhat, sometimes, I have became the initiator......
There was this day, Me and my dear SMU friend were outside the library, Discussing how many close gal frens we have.. Sadly, I only came up with 4.. She probably has 13 or more... Today, I'm glad to tell her that I've been working hard to build my strong sisterhood. And now I am glad to say that I've doubled my number. Huh! Think only guys have strong MFBH?We gals have strong sisterhood as well. Agreed babe?With MY GOD I can scale ANY mountain, 2Sam22:30(NLT)Thats from Alice babe, My dearest sister from cell.She's this really sweet darling gal who has recently found her Godly partner Who happens to have eyes that makes gals in our cell melt... Oki I'd stop teasing you babe.God is kind to me. He knows that I am weak at a time like now, Easily swayed, influenced and defeated. And He has blessed me with good frens like her. She never fails to motivate me with the Word of God. Such a kind and strong soul she is.God answers prayers in 3 ways. Yes, No and Wait. I have prayed about this. There is no answer yet. God is probably saying WAIT. Delay is not denial.If u haven seen the direction yet,dun stop prayin...ask God to open ur eyes so dat u can see what's His will for u in this.James 1:5-6 in NLT version sez:If u need wisdom, if u want to know what God wants u to do, ask him n he'll gladly tell u.He will not resent your asking.But when u ask Him,be sure that you really expect Him to answer,for a doubtful mind is as unsettled as a wave of the sea that is driven and tossed by the wind.The best thing God can do for me is to repeat the miracle He has done.. So the best thing He can do for me now is to deliver me outta this Espresso guy.The Word of God is like a double edged sword. It is able to pierce the heart of man n separate what is black n what is white.The gettin out process is tough but Ade's God is a mighty God.We've to go thru things we dun like in life at timesAnd it's cuz God loves us too much to let us remain the same person... He wants to see u changed..to be a better person.Den we can be a testimony to the people in the world. So dat in future when people are in this position, we can tell them how we got out of thisAnd lead them to God cuz God has the ultimate solution.Everytime we do something dat we noe God duzen want us to do,God's actually waiting for us to come back to HimAnd whenever we decide to come back to God, He'll alwiz welcome us with open arms. 
Dear Lord, I'm not a perfect person. Indeed, there's many things i wish i didnt do. But i continued learning O'Lord I never meant to do those things to you.I just want you to know Father... That I've found a reason for me, To change who i used to be A reason to start over new and the reason is you Lord.I'm sorry tat I hurt youThat's something I've to live with everyday. And all the pain I put u thru I wish that I can take it all away. And that's why i need u to hear Father, I found a reason for me, To change who I used to be A reason to start over new..and the reason is you Lord. Truly God...the only reason I live is because of you.And to you who hurt me time and time again, You have a really disgusting habit. Empty promises that is. Why say all this to me only to break all your promises at the end of the day? Lying has became an integrated part of you. You lie like there's no tomorrow.ice says: hahah .. no lah.. i will even call u when i there just like lassst time.. lol Me says: why must lol at the end of your msg? ice says: dunno.. cos u think i wun call u mah ..Me says: can u do me a favour eh? ice says: what? ice says: why u copy and paste? Me says: can u rem tis? wat i copied n pasted ice says: yes...
You said you liked me Wow how true can that be Take note that the like came with a d - likedYes you did, in the past maybe You have changed my dear So much.You are no longer who I used to know No longer the Doppio so sweet, so real. I don't want to be your meantime girl no more.All you ever made were empty promises Yet I chose to entrust my heart to you Now, This hurt is squirming its way into me. If you really do like me You would have time for me You wouldn't do the MIA time and time again.I loved you. I really did.But you are not the one for me Neither am I for you You must be really happy now that I've decided to leave.You are not in God's plan for my future You are in God's plan that I would learn something from this God planted you into my life because He wants me never to repeat this mistake ever again.But know what... If I could survive what happened four months ago, I can survive this.If God brings you to it God will bring you through it.
Seeking a life of security and physical ease, free from any problem or disturbance. It is essential that I break down any opposition that could possibly lurk in the shadows.I would like to be involved with a particular person but no, I shall hold back.Suppressed agitation is in me.I am finding it increasingly difficult, if not impossible to relax.Driving myself to a state which is possibly beyond the capacity of my resources.Trust and self-esteem have been lost. I am unable to do anything to restore the belief, affinity and mutual trust.I feel powerless to change the situation. Unfulfilled emotional requirements, experiencing mental and physical stress. I am attempting to escape from this by endeavoring to create a semblance of peace and serenity by refusing to allow myself to be involved. But...I know...I will have the strength to 'pull through'... perhaps sooner than I even believed possible. 
looking out of the ninth storey of accountancy its rainy and foggy feels like i'm in genting, wat a nice and cool feeling... i wish it'd remain foggy always, for i dont want to see reality... 
Love? What is it truly? Friendship? What is it truly? Is it worth losing friendship over love? If you had a choice, which one would you have chosen? Sometimes, the choice, just can't be chosen. You have no choice to pick the correct choice.... Friendship is worth keeping. Definitely. Never, EVER, give up friendship For that'd be wat keeps you going in times of trouble. Of cos not forgetting my dear prince, Jesus Christ.Thank you Lord for showing me your grace over the past week. I wouldn't have survived if not for your strength and grace. As You said in the holy bible, You will strengthen me as I stand upon Your Word. I don't feel that I'm totally ok now.That I am total independent of him but at least I must say its much better than two weeks ago.He's back. And he called. He said he smashed his phone after talking to me two saturdays ago. What is this? Another lie? You are a scary person. Too unpredictable.Too smart that I can't tell when ur lying and when ur not.You say you really did miss me when you were in London.That you tried calling me thru public phones but couldn't get thru. That's what ur best at. Isn't it? Blaming the telecomms company.Remember how you used to teach me this trick? Yuo couldn't even tell me you'd miss me when I asked you b4 you left. Now ur back. You wana meet me. To pass me the stuff you bought for me like what you claimed. You want to talk to me. Finally you want to. To get it over and done with. You didn't want to talk about us before you left for London. Remember?And I let you go without forcing you to talk. Now I don't wana see you.For seeing you is gona upset my whole biological system.I spent an entire week trying to get you outta my system, my life. I prayed. I prayed really hard. And when I didn't hear from you for a week, I tot to myself. Thats it. God has showed me the way. And now ur back telling me your granddad has jus passed away.I'm sorry about what happened to your granddad. I wana be there for you as a fren but I can't bear seeing you. My emotional baggage is simply too heavy.Seeing you would be like unearthing all the memories I've been trying so hard to bury.I hate to see you leave. Your back facing me, you heading down that corridor towards the lift. I hate the end of our conversations. To have to hang up after we talk. I'm glad you wana be frens with me. But you know it. I can't. At this moment, I can't only be frens with you. hey can someone just teach me how to post those darn pictures into this blog please.its getting on my nerves. haha. and yea how do I send sms online? haha..
Maybe school should start, maybe it isn't so bad.Gets my mind working, gets my mind off things.But is it worse to be feeling sucky and have plenty of deadlines to meet?Or is it worse to be feeling sucky and have nothing to do?Maybe the bad dreams were a sign. But I just refuse to believe&nbsp;the sign.Ok maybe now I should start believing. Everything's going off track.Everything and everyone. Geez. Trapped right here. Can't breathe. Suffocating.Disoriented. Seeing pepz starting school. Phobia. Arrghs..Aaarghhhs.. him.. him again.. when can I ever be done with him..4 months of hols ain't enuff to get him out.. geez.. restless today..Quiet phone - squirmy. Him - disturbing.-Nose pierce- hurt. sad. wounded. How?-me- Out of tune. Berserk. Cranky. Life sux. Bad day.Okay. Its gona get better later. Maybe its jus pms. 
You have eyes that don't see; ears that don't hear; a heart that doesn't perceive. What do you do with someone like that? Do you persist or do you give up on him? Do you still try to&nbsp;love&nbsp;the person when all he ever does is to inflict hurt and pain upon you? But is he all that bad? Has he no goodness within him? Probably there is.But the eyes are still blinded; the ears are still muffled; the heart is still closed.It is harder for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God than for a camel to go thru the eye of a needle.A man of&nbsp;weak integrity. That's what you are. I'm not perfect. I have many flaws. But i know I hold on to my promises much stronger than you do.I pray you'd&nbsp;be a man of great&nbsp;faith, walk with the righteous and&nbsp;quit being unequally yoked.Cos God loves you and I too much to allow us to stay the same.We were never meant to be. We've started out on the wrong foot but I will still love you as a brother-in-Christ.Jesus said, "In this world, you shall have tribulations. But be of good cheer, for I have overcome the world."
She came thirsty. Thirsty from guilt, thirsty from regret.Thirsty from countless nights of lovemaking and finding none.And when He hands her the goblet of grace, she drinks.She doesn't just taste or nip.She doesn't just dip her finger and lick it or take the cup and sip it.She lifts the liquid to her lips and drinks, gulping and swallowing like the parched pilgrim she is.She drinks until the mercy flows down her chin and onto her neck and chest.She drinks until every inch of her soul is moist and soft.She comes thirsty and she drinks. She drinks deeply. he, on the other hand, doesn't even know he's thirsty.People like him don't need grace; they analyze it.They don't request mercy; they debate and prorate it.It wasn't that he couldn't be forgiven; he just never asks to be. So while she drinks up, he puffs up. While she has ample love to give,he has&nbsp;no love to offer. "A person who is forgiven little shows only little love."We can't give what we've never received.If we've never received love, how can we love others? Receive first, love second. So thirsty for God's love. Those who should have loved didn't.Those who could have loved didn't. Left at the altar. Left with an empty bed.Left with a broken heart. Left with "Does anybody love me?" God loves me. Personally. Powerfully. Passionately. Others have promised and failed.But God has promised and succeeded. God loves me with an unfailing love.And his love&nbsp;- if I will let it - can fill me and leave me with a love worth giving. So come. Come thirsty and drink deeply. 
You never fail to frustrate me in the most miraculous ways no one ever tot of.She's so right. Someday ur gona kick yourself in the ass for not getting out of this when you cud.I gave you my all. My soul, my trust, my love, my energy, my time.But what has resulted from it?&nbsp;You've abused it. &nbsp; Am I selfish to think of having something in return? I am.So messed up. The chapter is not closing. But it has to be closed. It has to be.In my quest of searching for God's presence, I've neglected a crucial point.A point&nbsp;that gave me such revelation.Yes perhaps I started it all. And now I'm blaming him.But I would most definitely say that it's been mutual.But now's the time to stop. If not now, then when? -nose pierce-What can I do about us? You are so nice. So stable. Such a great pal you have been.But there is a heart that does not perceive. It hurts me to hurt you. I never want to.Never intended to but if I went ahead, it definitely isn't God's will.And then the vicious cycle wud repeat itself.I've told you my priorities. But you don't seem to get them in.Things won't change because I'm serious with God.Loving me wud hurt you. And I can't let this go on. Love yourself. Be kind to yourself. &nbsp; This is so beautiful.God withholds what we desire in order to give us what we need.You desire a partner; he gives you himself.You seek a larger church; he prefers a stronger church. You want to be healed so you can serve. He wants you to be confined so you can pray. &nbsp; Love...does not boast, it is not proud. 1Cor 13:4 That's what love does. It puts the beloved before itself.Your soul was more important than His blood.Your eternal life was more important than His earthly life. Your place in heaven was more important to Him than His place in heaven, So He gave up His so you could have yours.
-Surfers' Paradise-Woah your email is even longer than mine and I tot mine was long already. You gave me Surprise number 1 when you said "Firstly,most of the things that you told me in this email I have already anticipated". How did you anticipate all that? Surprise number 2, "All these i cud tell from the way you communicated with me". ??? (Eyes wide open)*blink blink* -Why do I think you are the right one for me- (Gritting on teeth..Eyes open wider) I tot of you as a very jovial and easy going person.Pretty 50%. The rest of the 50 % boils down to charisma. I realised you've got some problems which led me to want to know you more. I just felt I wanted to help you out. This care and concern has in fact been growing. Until you slowly started to confide in me.Thus, now this care and concern has became love. I just feel that I would like to protect you.Emotionally, you seem very fraglie indeed. I do cherish every moment talking to you because it makes me understand you more. I know its getting one sided in terms of my feelings for you.But i do hope that you will be happy thats all.I understand that at the moment you are not prepared to enter into a relationship and i had also expected that because of the problems you have. Like i said, i will respect your decision yea. No worries. And i dun wan you to have an extra burden because of me. If you are unhappy, I'd be sad too. So its not good for both of us either. So dun worry about me yea. I am an open minded and optimistic person. I would still be the usual ***** that u can look for comfort and encouragement.Love, ***** 
There's an internal struggle.. maybe the angel and devil are fighting. Such a tough battle to conquer. A war to combat the weak flesh, to build up the spirit. Maybe we shouldn't be seeing each other until we learn to respect each other. You're still keeping me in the shadows. I don't want us to become another Roger and ilynn. Always talking about God yet always repeating the cycle, falling into the trap the devil has so carefully camouflaged. I feel disgusted even to put their names on my blog. For you, it's just pretty impossible for us to be only friends given our characters and what's been happening. But it's not only you. There's another.But as for him, I want him to know. God comes first. God is number one. Enough is enough. Yes. Frustrated, rejected, used. That's what it is.Scared, lonely, empty. Is that how it's supposed to be? Fighting back but truly. The going is tough. Extremely in fact.Would leaving me alone work? Probably yes.Low self-esteem accompanied by the "I'm not worthy" feeling.Take it Lord please. I can't handle this. I'm a fighter and always on the defensive. Always needing to make sure that my position is established and safe. Pent-up emotions. Am I trying too hard here? But You have to change me before You can use me. I'm afraid of the dark.Please show me a way out. Out of this never ending darkness. I'm still a clay, raw as can be, ugly as it is, untouched, unshaped.Lord purify this clay I pray, then mould it Lord, into a pot, a vase, a vessel, anything that You deem fit. Purifying is hard work. Strenuous.
Lord, I pray you give me peace so I'd be able to pray.Let there be peace in my heart so I'd know what to pray for and how to. Everything's so messed up. Tots and feel and all.. Let this be a different prayer from the rest. Let this not be a regular, mediocre prayer. Let this be a strong prayer. A fervent prayer.Allow me to dig in deep to retrieve the hidden secrets tat ought to be prayed about. Truly Lord, there's none other who's greater than you. I ask for God's hand to be upon me and my family. I pray for a great financial breakthrough in my family.Lord as I work towards breaking out of my bad habits, I pray Lord that you'd give me a breakthrough in my life. A spiritual breakthrough. A financial breakthrough. Lord I pray that my private worship will be more beautiful to you than my public worship. Before I think of helping others, I have to first strengthen myself. Strengthen my faith, my knowledge of the Word, I pray for the anointing of the Holy Spirit. To refresh me, renew my mind, convict my heart and change my life. Father I want to be able to pray strong like the rest. Not to be afraid of prayer meetings. Not to be fearful of not knowing how to pray. For the Bible says, "Be strong and of good courage, for I am with you always, even to the ends of the earth."Lord I pray that'd be no distractions in my life to take me away from You. Take all these distractions and temptations away. I want to focus on You. To know you more. To serve You. Dear Jesus, more than anything else, I want to know You more intimately. I want to know You more. I pray for a personal encounter with the Holy Spirit that'd change my life. Holy Spirit, help me break the sin of silence, help me to be bold to speak of Jesus to my friends. That you'd put the right words in my mouth. That I'd invite them at the right time. That their hearts would be so open. And that I'd be a great testimony. That my frens and family will see the change in me bcos of Jesus. And they'd believe that God is a good God. That as I ask my frens to church, I'd not be discouraged, not be scared if I get rejected. But that I'd keep trying and trying. Keep believing and believing. And trust that as I sow the seed today, somewhere along the way, someone else will reap the fruits of labour and my frens and family would be saved. I pray O'Lord that me and him will remain as frens. Truly Lord, let Your kingdom come, Your will be done. Not my will. Not his will. But Your will Lord. If he's the one, You'd tell me. You'd give me a sign. But before I hear anything from You Lord. Let us just remain as frens. Maybe we'd always only be frens. If that's your will dear Jesus, then let it be. Dear Lord, I don't want to force anything that's not supposed to be. I'm tired of fighting, of struggling. I give it all to You. I pray You'd fight in my place. For You are the Father Almighty. The king of kings. And the Lord of Lords.Help me to be more Christ-like. To curb the bad temper. To be meek. To be more respectful. To be more patient. Not to be judgmental. Not to be weak or to think lowly of myself. Help me build self esteem. That one day, my light will shine. I'd be the salt and light to the world. Lord, I believe you've given me a dream. To be a missionary for you dear Lord. To win souls for you. To plunder hell and populate heaven in Jesus name. So, mould me dear God. To become the person You want me to be. To fulfill the destiny You have for me in this lifetime. Help me forsake the relationships that I have to forsake. Change the ways that needs to be changed. Abandon the habits that should be left behind. My new man has been born. Now let my new man be strong. Help me handle my finances well. Help me lead a strong prayer life. To be spiritually filled as well as biblically well equipped. And finally, I pray for God's presence to be with me every single day of my life. Holy Spirit, fall upon me. Help me make the right decisions in life, in school, at home, at work. I love You and I praise you. In Jesus mighty name I pray, Amen. 
Now that ur back, I look not beyond today.Never knowing when ur going to turn your back and change.Mustering whatever courage I have left to give you another chance.To pray for you and help you grow. Thats what you've asked of me.I've opened up my heart, my life to you once again.Please lie no more. For even if you fool me..you can't fool God.He knows.. And this time, if you decide to leave, I will be sad, no doubt. But I am prepared. I'm so tired of fighting, of struggling with you and with myself.If it's God's will that you'd leave. You will. No matter how hard I try, how hard I fight. Its all gona be fruitless. Go if you want.I've hidden in the shadows long enough. I want to be in the sunshine. If all you can offer is late night trading then forget it. I dont want you.Trust. Such a crucial factor. Yet I've lost all of it in you. How can we possibly have a start this way? When all trust has been lost even before anything has even started. They are all persuading me to leave you. Not to even have you as a fren.Not to ever bother about what happens to you cos ur jus not worth it.Cos ur an unstable guy. Not to mention spiritual maturity. Even the basic requirements of trust and stability you can't provide. They are afraid you'd hurt me again. That I'd sway away from God if we ever got together cos ur not really a Christian to many. Your heart isn't with God. But I'm always giving you the benefit of the doubt. That maybe this time ur gona change. Maybe this time ur not lying. Maybe this time ur serious about turning to God. Disappoint me no more.. will you? Help me to help you. If you don't even want to help yourself, how do you expect me to help you..Or maybe I'm just not in the position to help.. cos i'm not even ok myself.Praying.. 
When a person passes on, is his entire life time worth only a dash?Would you want your life to be worth only an RIP and a 1967-2023 dash? Definitely not. Its not what happens in your life that matters.Its the legacy you leave behind.A person's legacy is measured by the number of people he has touched when he's living. Death doesnt end a person's life. It's a beginning as his legacy endureths forever.Think I've found my dream, my purpose. I'm willing to move, if God would send me.To the ends of the earth I would go. God if that is Your will for my life. To be a great missionary, to fulfill the Great Commission, I may not preach but I would go. If that is Your voice that I'm hearing, I would go. For missionaries touch hearts and change lives.To make a difference in the world, even if it means a small difference,for there to be one, every individual counts. May I be that one. 
It's like a seed, planted by someone in the heart, which nurtures and grows. Sweetness can be found when it bears fruit. Love can be sweet or bitter jus as fruit. But i gez if u pick it when it's ripe... the sweetness will astound you. What is love?Understanding it has its own mastery.How is it like to love?The thought of it makes one jittery. Nought to be afraid.For love, is the wondrous gift given by God, O great! Love is like a fruit-growing process.The seed of love sowed by its own prince.Moved by his loving kindness.The roots finally extend to greatness. Stay rooted in the mind, they hold firm.It’s in the one’s presence, the heart yearns. The stem stands erected with significant measure.Only in his presence, I can find pleasure. The branches stretch like love with arteries.Without love, my life falls into a crisis.Lush of leaves and flowers,Pours out a fragrance of romance for lovers. Bearing fruits of passion,Come, taste the sweetness, needless to question.Back onto the ground, the seed fell once again.Flow with the waters to the place love once began.
Had a long break.. finally back.. 12days.. was nice..But back with giddiness in the head.. unwell..Deadline on monday.. rushing work now.. argh.. Mike's looking tired too..Was sighing on his way in. Rawa was nice. Very nice indeed lest the charges of the miscellaneous.. Serene, blue and deep.. wif shades of blue which differentiated the waters. Blooming wif rainbow fishes, Nemo look-alikes, stingray, guppy look-alikes.. Breathing thru the mask was a task.Sparks flew.. but he who ignited the spark wasn't so fortunate afterall.For she didn't quite appreciate the sparks flying in her direction. Hong Kong was fine but not quite fun.Nice scenery on Lamma.. plenty of hill climbing and ferry rides.Expensive public transport.. nice pigeons on the dinner table..Small, cramped up flats.. buildings so close to each other that the bamboo pole used for hanging clothes can aid in climbing over to the opposite block. Much shopping to be conquered.. That pretty much describes Hong Kong.
Chanced upon this and was deeply inspired.. so tot I'd post it..Something to ponder... God : Hello. Did you call me? Me: Called you? No.. who is this? God : This is GOD. I heard your prayers. So I thought I will chat. Me: I do pray. Just makes me feel good. I am actually busy now. I am in the midst of something. God : What are you busy at? Ants are busy too. Me: Don't know. But I cant find free time. Life has become hectic. It's rush hour all the time. God : Sure. Activity gets you busy. But productivity gets you results. Activity consumes time. Productivity frees it. Me: I understand. But I still cant figure out. By the way, I was not expecting YOU to buzz me on instant messaging chat. God : Well I wanted to resolve your fight for time, by giving you some clarity. In this net era, I wanted to reach you through the medium you are comfortable with. Me: Tell me, why has life become complicated now? God : Stop analyzing life. Just live it. Analysis is what makes it complicated. Me: why are we then constantly unhappy? God : Your today is the tomorrow that you worried aboutyesterday. You are worrying because you are analyzing. Worrying has become your habit. That's why you are not happy. Me: But how can we not worry when there is so much uncertainty? God : Uncertainty is inevitable, but worrying is optional. Me: But then, there is so much pain due to uncertainty.. God : Pain is inevitable, but suffering is optional. Me: If suffering is optional, why do good people always suffer? God : Diamond cannot be polished without friction. Gold cannot be purified without fire. Good people go through trials, but don't suffer. With that experience their life become better not bitter. Me: You mean to say such experience is useful? God : Yes. In every terms, Experience is a hard teacher. She gives the test first and the lessons afterwards. Me: But still, why should we go through such tests? Why cant we be free from problem? God : Problems are Purposeful Roadblocks Offering Beneficial Lessons (to) Enhance Mental Strength. Inner strength comes from struggle and endurance, not when you are free from problems. Me: Frankly in the midst of so many problems, we don't know where we are heading.. God : If you look outside you will not know where you are heading.Look inside. Looking outside, you dream. Looking inside, you awaken. Eyes provide sight. Heart provides insight. Me: Sometimes not succeeding fast seems to hurt more than moving in the right direction. What should I do? God : Success is a measure as decided by others. Satisfaction is a measure as decided by you. Knowing the road ahead is more satisfying than knowing you rode ahead. You work with the compass. Let others work with the clock. Me: In tough times, how do you stay motivated? God : Always look at how far you have come rather than how far you have to go. Always count your blessing, not what you are missing. Me: What surprises you about people? God : when they suffer they ask, "why me?" When they prosper, they never ask "Why me" Everyone wishes to have truth on their side, but few want to be on the side of the truth Me: Sometimes I ask, who am I, why am I here. I cant get the answer. God : Seek not to find who you are, but to determine who you want to be. Stop looking for a purpose as to why you are here. Create it. Life is not a process of discovery but a process of creation. Me: How can I get the best out of life? God : Face your past without regret. Handle your present with confidence. Prepare for the future without fear. Me: One last question. Sometimes I feel my prayers are not answered. God : There are no unanswered prayers. At times the answer is NO. Me: Thank you for this wonderful chat. I am so happy to start my life with a new sense of inspiration. God : Well. Keep the faith and drop the fear. Don't believe your doubts and doubt your beliefs. Life is a mystery to solve not a problem to resolve. Trust me. Life is wonderful if you know how to live. "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the moments that took your breath away! "
rlLinkBeautiful hills of the LOTR (Lord Of The Rings)film site - Hobbiton, Matamata, New Zealand.. Posted byurlLink Hello 
The paragraph goes like this: -God whispers in our souls and speak to our hearts. Sometimes we don't have time to listen, He has to throw a brick at us. It's our choice to listen or not. If God had a refrigerator, your picture would be on it. If He had a wallet, your photo would be in it. He sends you flowers every spring; He sends you a sunrise every morning. God didn't promise days without pain, laughter without sorrow, sun without rain, But He did promise strength for the day, comfort for the tears, and light for the way. "Called her midweek... Always couldn't help it... Things are getting complicated and i'm not getting better... Just that i never show it on the surface. Nobody knows how i'm feeling inside... None of my friends knew... I don't know what to do with her anymore... Everything seems wrong... Someone... I wished someone could save me from this........." Is this me? Geez..I hope not.. well.. he (not the Stonehenge he) didn't call me midweek.. he called on monday.. and we didnt talk for the rest of last week until saturday.. hmmmz.. maybe it's ede he's referring to.. But if it's me then I did him great wrong.. as in first I go.. really I can't love no one. Then the next thing tat happens is, I get real guilty then I'd call to ask if he's alright or he'd call cos he can't help it..and we start talking again.. and when we don't meet up, I'd miss him (I don't tell him tat..) But I just really don't want to lose him. He's been my great, great pal for 5 years! geez.. do u know how long that is..? He's probably thinking like wat's up with you.. make up your mind.. geez.. wat to do.. wat to do..
rlLinkStonehenge.. beautiful isn't it..? I sent him the paragraph.. and he "made" the wallpaper and sent it back to me.. said he has the same wallpaper on his laptop.. wat crap.. but I like the effort.. cheeros.. Posted byurlLink Hello 
rlLinktz and me.. suddenly in the mood for a pic since we haven't taken one together for quite a long while.. nice smiles.. Posted byurlLink Hello 
rlLinkJust wanted to share this.. sunset at spanish banks.. this is where I wana go.. Posted byurlLink Hello 
&nbsp;Television is a part of my daily life. Without the constant chatter from the television set, I think life would be too quiet. In the present society, most families have at least a television set. Therefore it is impossible to miss out the advertisements.&nbsp; There are many types of advertisements and the most prominent is of course from that of television. An advertisement can be considered to be a paid announcement specifically designed to attract public attention or patronage.&nbsp; With such easy access to advertisements, I believe that there is a need of some form of restriction. This is because there are some advertisements that carry undesirable content, such as violence,&nbsp;that might influence people, especially children. There is a need to shield children from&nbsp;these advertisements as&nbsp;they are susceptible to their influence. In Singapore, there is the Media Development Authority (MDA) to deal with such cases. Either these advertisements are censored or they are played at a later time slot so that children are less likely to view it.&nbsp; Furthermore, there has been cases of advertisement fraud. Some people are wooed by the idea of high paying jobs without realising the trap they fell into. In the end, they are not only jobless, they lost a large sum of their money. Such is due to advertisements and its catchy terms, fooling the innocents. Therefore, there is a need to ban such advertisement to prevent innocents from getting cheated.&nbsp; However, advertisements are not all bad and schemeful. There are some creative advertisements that are educational. For instance, advertisements telling people to drink more milk so as to reduce the chance of getting osteoporosis. Such advertisements promotes healthy living and should be encouraged.&nbsp; On a last note, advertisements can&nbsp;be good and bad. It depends on you reading in between the lines. &nbsp;
 I would say that the one belief I hold on to in life is the famous Nike phrase, "Just do it". This is simply because no matter what we do, we should not think too much into the matter. Instead, we should just go ahead and do it. If we ponder too much about the matter, we will start weighing the pros and cons. This is time consuming and in the end, we may not be doing what our heart really wants to accomplish. Even if we do it after much consideration, the joy of it is already gone.&nbsp;Furthermore, I believe that if we were to be too careful about things, we will never learn any mistakes. If such mistakes do happen in the future, it might be too late to correct them. Lastly, this will test our flexibility and acceptance of&nbsp;new things and&nbsp;also how we handle them.&nbsp;Therefore, if there is any opportunities, we should "just do it".&nbsp; 
For the last few months my most recent obsession (recently downgraded fromobsessiontointereststatus because I got sick of making the drive from Hollywood to Venice every Wednesday night for the Beyond Baroque ( urlLink www.beyondbaroque.org ) Workshop) was poetry.A poem's a weird thing--it looks like the perfect solution for those who are somewhat commitment-challenged--not likeWar And Peaceor even the hefty September issue ofVogue-- but as poetry is the "language of the unconscious" a good poem can have a deep and lasting effect on your psyche.Even more so than that picture of Kirstie Alley in theStara few months ago.To that end, here's a few poets to check out other than the Yeats/Donne/Stevens/Whitman/Plath/all-the-other-people-who-were-shoved-down-your- throat-long-before-you-were-able-to-appreciate-them:For those wanton nights -DH Lawrence(especially"Figs") After a particularly intense Jungian analysis session -TS Eliot / Four Quartets(especially stanza 3 of "East Coker")For rainy afternoons when you're lounging with your friend-who's-a-boy-or-girl, fantasizing you're in some Woody Allen movie -ee cummings After an Ani DiFranco concert -Adrienne Rich(check outDiving Into The WreckandProspective Immigrants Please Note) When you're home alone on a Saturday night and keep picking up your phone to make sure there's a dial tone because it's been so long since anyone's called you -Emily DickinsonAfter yoga or a weekend at Esalen -Rumi When you want to read about a crazy, angst-filled co-dependent relationship other than the one documented in your sophomore-year-of-college journal -Ted Hughes' Birthday Letters My lovely friend Cie turned me on to this great site where you can sign up for a Poem A Day...go tourlLink http://writersalmanac.publicradio.org/for more info.
Remember those SRA cards from elementary school? The ones where you'd read about some dead person and then have to answer various questions to test your reading comprehension skills? (What about all those poor undiagonosed ADD kids? That whole thing must have been hell for them...) Well, I'm taking it upon myself to educate you on various interesting women...and you won't be quizzed on them afterwards.Here's Monday's Marvelous Mademoiselle.Lou Andreas-Salome (1861-1937) (go tourlLink http://www.picture-poems.com/rilke/lou-andreas-salome.htmlto see a photo)Original babe with brains--muse to Friedrich Nietzsche, Rainer Maria Rilke (she was the one who suggested he change his name from Rene to Rainer) and Sigmund Freud. Prolific writer in her own right. Nietzsche proposed to her but she turned him down (probably a smart idea) and she ended up marrying Friedrich Carl Andreas...they were married for 43 years but never slept with him...instead, she began an affair with the then-22 year old Rilke when she was 36 and there's a good chance that he was her first lover. In 1912, she wrote to Freud asking if she could attend his famous Wednesday night lectures and showed up draped in furs...although there's no evidence of an affair between she and Freud, she became one of his favorite disciples (and most likely his sexiest) and a well-known psychoanalyst in her own right.From a review of a recent musical (!) about her:"An independent and intellectual woman, she published 15 novels, over one hundred essays (many in psychoanalytic journals), and books on Freud, Ibsen, Rilke, and Nietzsche (the latter was the first major study of Nietzsche 's work)...Salome was passionately interested in spirituality and in the psyche, and was committed to developing models of friendship and love that defied the conventions of her time. Not precisely a feminist--though she was acquainted with German feminists of her day--she refused to subordinate her desire for a community of intellectuals to the bourgeois requirements of monogamy, marriage and family. She rejected numerous would-be lovers and husbands, was often involved in romantic triangles, and never consummated her 30 marriage to Friedrich Karl Andreas, a professor of west Asiatic languages at the University of Göttingen. Her self-proclaimed ideal life consisted of living with a like-minded intellectual man in separate rooms connected to a common living area. Lou Andreas Salome is a fascinating subject at this particular historical moment. Psychoanalysis wanes, eclipsed by the medical revolution in mental health, at the same time that the possibilities for the kind of life Salome envisioned--including a female sexuality that could rejoice in its "new fine shame"--are increasingly threatened in this era of aggressively Disneyfied family values and right-wing assaults on reproductive rights. Lee Siegel, in a 1996Atlantic Monthlyarticle, calls our present moment "modernism's plastic aftermath." "We go back and try to relish modernism's extremist nose-thumbing at a depersonalizing modernity," Siegel writes, "and soon we feel as though we were celebrating the most disturbing qualities of contemporary life."A New Fine Shameconcentrates on the way Salome thumbed her nose at depersonalizing gender roles, and her insistence on friendship and intellectual exchange as the basis for relationships, rather than focusing on the disturbing conflation of art, sprituality and sexuality that tinges many strands of modernist thought."A fabulously dressed diva who could debate existentialism with the best of them...need I say more?
On Friday evening I received an email from my friend Jen with a link toherblog ( go tourlLink http://funkyjenngazette.typepad.com/the_funkyjenn_gazette/to view). Even though I feel like I live under a rock most of the time (or at least under a mountain of half-read books), the whole blog thing did manage to permeate my consciousness over the last few years and I actually visit a few on a semi-daily basis (well, one.... urlLink http://www.gawker.com/ ). However, I had no idea that relatively normal folk could just get one up and running (not that Jen is by any means relatively normal, nor--I hope--am I). But something about reading her blog--coupled with the fact that I've been doing more reading vs. writing lately and it's sort of starting to freak me out, and a burst of self-obsessed grandiosity where I was overcome with the (mistaken?) assumption that people might actually want to read my ranting and raving has me typing this right now.Because I am not amongst the ranks of the employed at the moment, my time is my own. And when I'm not scratching my head wondering how I'm going to earn enough money to pay the rentandand continue pilates this month (which--by the way--has always managed to work out even though I like to immediately forget that it always works out because I'm a big fan of the adrenaline that fear and worry and drama produces, hence the name of the blog...), I tend to go on wild goose chases throughout this fair city's maze of public libraries and bookstores to quell my insatiable quench for knowledge.By the way, this morning my friend Fiona--who's this gorgeous, hysterically funny Brit--educated me on the difference between a maze and a labyrinth.Labyrinths are unicursal. They have one well-defined path that leads into the center. There are no tricks to it, no dead ends or cul-de-sacs, no intersecting paths. Mazes, on the other hand, are multicursal. They offer a choice of paths, some with many entrances and exits.That's not how she explained it...because a gorgeous, hysterically funny Brit probably wouldn't use words like "multicursal." Someone who writes for encyclopedias or something called eluzions.com would explain it like this...which is where I got the definition because I can't exactly remember how she explained it because I have minimal short term memory nowadays and I didn't want to fuck up and lose credibility my first day out.So the whole labyrinth vs. maze thing is sort of like fate vs. free will, I guess.When I heard the word labyrinth, I thought of Ariadne and the thread she gave to Theseus so he could kill the Minotaur and get out of there...and then I thought about how he repaid her by abandoning her on the island of Naxos...and then I thought about the fact that she was completely heartbroken and devastated and probably thought it was the absolute end of the world, only to be swept up by Dionysus--a guy whom no one could ever accuse of being boring--and brought to Mount Olympus where she was made immortal. Moral of the story: It ain't over 'til it's over.Something I remind myself of approximately 7,956 times a day.And then I thought about how I saw Giorgio de Chirico'sAriadneat the Met recently and how blown away I was by it....Go tourlLink http://www.artchive.com/artchive/D/de_chiricobio.htmlfor more on de Chirico. He's someone who I've become fascinated with over the last year. And he, in turn, was fascinated by Nietzsche. As am I.But I'll save the Nietzsche stuff for another day because I'm getting tired and it's not exactly the most uplifting subject and I'd rather think about how it ain't over 'til it's over rather than some brilliant madman who spent his last decade as a vegetable.A bientot.
 don't know how life could be this mean after all the turmoils i've just gone through. Things are getting too wacky the past days that i feel like i need to let out one big scream to make me feel better. First, I got a very urgent pleading text from an old friend making me give the biggest LIE in my entire life. I hate myself for not being able to say no, it's just too hard for me to let a friend down. I've come to realize over the years that the only magic word a friend has to say is 'please' and off i go, doing whatever i can just to prove my being a friend. She told me about her script hours before she arrived and it was just an overview so i told her i had to know the details so at least we'll be consistent. Ok here's the act:Her brother's waiting for her at the bus station coz he's getting something he asked her to buy for him and since her reason of coming to Manila was to attend my wedding the following day, I have to pick her up from the station and make some small talk with her brother. Ridiculous!!! I don't know if i wanted to laugh or get mad when i read her message. I just can't believe she wasnt able to think of some other more convincing excuse than me getting married! When she told me over a month ago that she had plans of coming to Manila just to meet some guy she's been texting with,I already told her what i thought about it. Knowing her boyfriend as a really nice guy (as far as i know) and having spent time with them in the past, i would never ever encourage her to cheat on him nor would i back her up on doing something i know is wrong. But I can only give her advice if she asks for one and i have no intentions of telling her what she should and shouldn't do. I know my limitations as a friend and there are certain boundaries i opt not to cross. I was able to convince her to meet me up somewhere near my place. I almost stammered when her brother asked me what time the wedding was, "ummnn...after lunch" was my reply while looking squarely at my friend.Then we had to wait for an hour for the guy to come pick her up from their meeting place. I really felt so guilty. I wish she had just asked me some favors other than that. No matter how hard i try i just couldnt find any reason that would make sense on why she had to cheat on her bf....... maybe she still loves him? But why would you cheat on someone you love? It just doesnt make any sense. OK, it's over and done. The next blow came Sunday night. I got a call from another old friend who's working abroad right now. I wanted to hear her side of the story since the chaos started but we lost touch and i thought it was up to her if she really wanted me to know she will contact me since i havent changed my number yet. So that was last night. She's coming home in two weeks and she said she'll show me all the evidence she got and tell me everything she knows. Honestly, i dont want to get dragged on this, it doesnt concern me at all...but since it concerns the person i've considered my bestfriend for 13 years now, i can't do anything but get smudged. It's being torn between two people that hurts me the most. I've known the other one for almost 20 years now and i can say that i know her well enough. It's so frustrating to be put right in the middle of two friends fighting over some guy, of not knowing which story to believe, of having to listen and evaluate things based on their feeds. Of doubting the other and asking myself what if what the other's saying is true and what if she'll do the same thing to me? It's having to deal with trust and trying to sustain what's left of the friendship we had. I never imagined things would turn out this way when we've been helping each other move onward.I'm glad we had a meeting this morning, at least my mind has eased a bit. Right when i thought i finally got myself together, i received messages and missed calls again from my other friend (the accused) saying that our friend did this and that again, that she hopes i'm still her friend etc etc. I'm beginning to think that sometimes when you have lots of friends, you might just get yourself in big trouble. Is it really better than being alone? Oh, crap! You just can't be 100% happy. The ying and yang in life.... sucks right through the bones. 
My childhood was filled with funny memories. Memories that i still love to reminisce until now. Sometimes, Papi and I would spend the whole night (till the wee hours) talking about the good old days, then we'd laugh together at some foolish things we did. Our sis would just stay there listening, watching and laughing with us.	My earliest memory was when i was four years old, when we were still living in a cute nipa hut at Magsingal. I loved to play role-playing then. I used to get our white blanket and put it over my head then wear my mom's half-slip up to my armpits so it would look like a long dress. Then I would ask my lil brother to hum the tune of "Here Comes the Bride" as I march around the house.... but well, there was no groom...hahahaha. I didn't know then that a bride should have a groom! 	When I was five, we moved to Batac. I entered my new world when I attended kindergarten. I met more people, had friends and enemies as well. A month before our graduation, i got ill and when I got well, I didn't go back to school coz I thought I wouldn't be able to graduate since I missed a lot. I had a very close friend then who I went to school with everyday...his name was Rocky...that's all I can remember. 	Two years later, when I was seven years and a half, we moved to Vigan, at Grandma's house. That was the time my dad worked abroad. He told us he would feel better if we stay with a relative coz we will be more safe...well, probably he was right. It was really a big adjustment for all of us. The neighborhood was a lot noisier; people speak in a different accent, strange faces, new school, etc etc.	My grandma enrolled me at the school one block away from our house. I was in the second section, a second grade transferee. After some weeks, i already belonged in a group and began enjoying the new friendship I’ve found. In third grade, Marie transferred to our school. She's our neighbor but we haven't even exchanged a single word when we meet on the streets. We eventually became friends ( I was close with Madz then), and everybody called us "The Tres Marias" coz we always went out together. The crushes started during the third grade too. Madz teased me to Julius and Marie to Rocky...well, Madz said she liked Ryan. The teasing went on till 6th grade but they teased me with another guy during 4th grade. I don't know why I really felt upset everytime they tease him to me (his name was Alano). He was tall, cute, sweet and intelligent too. But maybe it was because he was very naughty. He loved to make people cry.His sister was very close to me since we're always together at school events. We were on the same investigatory team, the choir (imagine? I was on the choir? hehehe), quiz bees, and other contests. She kept telling me about how her brother likes me and their whole family likes me too. My mom and their mom were really close. But I don't know why I really hate him. Then in 5th grade, I had a terrible crush, which lasted for 5 yrs.Well, everybody knew him coz I was really very vocal about it. Right, it was Rhigil. I don't know why I liked him. My friends used to ask me but until now, i don't know why. He's three years my senior, and he belonged to another school...Divine Word College. He was a member of the knights of the altar. His schedule was on the 3 o'clock mass, which happened to be our mass (for kids). Alano knew about my crush on Rhigil, and he would often tease me that Rhigil would never like me coz I'm just a kid and he prefer girls the same age as him. Since I really wanted my crush to notice me, I began acting like a "trying-hard lady". I wanted to grow up immediately. In January 1990, three months before our graduation, Alano died. It was very unexpected and everybody was shocked...especially me since I was not in school then because of my chicken pox. Days before that, I visited him in the hospital with my friends (he requested me to go), and he was very healthy and full of energy. His mom said he would only undergo one operation (to remove the shrapnel in his throat), and then he could go back to school again. He was a very big loss to all of us. His family cried when they saw me during his wake...and until now, every time they see me, they can't help but cry coz they say I remind them of him. During his burial, I can't help my tears from falling. I tried so hard not to sob. I took him for granted not realizing the fact that a time like this would come when all I could do is look back at something I already had in front of me yet my eyes were set too far to see. I wished I have told him that I appreciate all the things he did for me...I wish I have thanked him for loving me unconditionally. But I think it's true that you'll only realize how much someone or something means to you the moment that it's gone. You miss it when it's not there. 	In high school, it was not really a very tough start. I had the same circle of friends since we all lived in the same community, and the school is the only public school in the province. We belonged in the first ever "special science class", I-Eureka. Being in the top section (there were 23 sections in 1st yr) was so difficult since all our teachers expected too much from us. We had longer classes than the other sections...a total of 8 hours everyday, Monday to Friday. We had two teachers in Math and Science, and two advance subjects in both. I was the Vice Mayor in our class then so I was asked to run for 1st yr Governor which I could not decline since our adviser was Marie's father. Unfortunately, I only landed second and the governorship was handed to Suzette who was also a friend of mine. I have known from the start that Suzette is really intelligent and I even told my mom that I admire her brains. She was the third in our class in 6th grade though she was a transferee. The competition was between Flong and me since 4th grade. Although I got the first honors in 6th grade, I knew then that I couldn't retain it in high school. His father was a teacher there and I know how he hates me. And I was right. I was still in the honor list but the competition went on between Suzette and Flong. I was out of the picture. It hurt a bit coz I know that many people are expecting too much from me and I’ve let them down. But I felt better. I wouldn't have enjoyed high school if I was academically active. I don't have a single regret. 	It was during my freshman year when I got to know Steven. He was one of the most popular guys in our class. But well, I thought Charleston was the cutie since he was my crush.... hehehe. But I got turned off easily coz he fell asleep in our Social Studies class...duh! Steven was Suzette's crush. And though Madz never admitted, I knew that she liked Steven too. Well, Steven's crush was Madz. Since I was a very naughty girl before, most of my friends were guys. They told me all their crushes and asked me to help them get close. I was the type of person who would never say no and i really did everything I can to help anyone who asked for my help. Steven didn't ask me to help him with Madz. He just loved teasing and hiding my things so I would go chasing him.It was during the 2nd yr that we got close coz we became seatmates. I was the only girl who was in the guy's row, in between Adrian and Steven (our classroom was the lab). I suddenly became one of the boys, and i began enjoying their company. They were very funny and supportive. I remember the time we had a graded recitation in Geometry, Joseph (the math wizard) who was seated in front of me, told me to raise my hand. I didn't want to coz I didn't know the answer. He told me the answer. When our teacher called me, he even helped me justify my answer. He was my math savior.... he did all my math projects, I copied assignments from him, and he handed me answers during examinations...but I didn't know why they wouldn't let me share those assignments with Steven when in fact they knew that we were very close.Somehow they had this sort of "guy competition" going on. Nevertheless, I maintained my good relations with them and with Steven at the same time.Like normal friends, we had our share of occasional fights but we would always make up before it gets worse.Through my closeness with Steven, I gained some good friends and enemies.Some girls from other sections would snob me on the corridors knowing that we are a couple...which of course is absurd! But one thing I’m thankful about is having known my female best friend through him.Agnes and I have been classmates since 1st yr and the idea of her becoming my best bud never occurred to me. She is my total opposite. She had a group before (where Steven, Marie & Madz belonged), which they called "The Naughty" (I eventually detached myself from the "Tres Marias" coz of some personal conflicts and had my own group w/ Jomar and Suzette). Agnes was the liberated kind of girl, loud, sexy and naughty. My group of friends didn’t like the idea of her hanging out with us, with the obvious reason that she was only using me to be able to get close with Steven... I was aware of that, but I started to appreciate the kind of attention and companionship she was giving me that I thought I should not deprive her of the chance to change the image people have implanted in their minds about her. I wanted to help her get out of the tube people have put her into.This decision jeopardized my friendship with Jomar and Suzette, causing frequent fights between us and eventually, they drew the last straw on me...Agnes or them.It was a really terrible time in my life.I was so confused.I tried to get some space for myself to be able to discern things and come up with a really good decision.I wanted to keep them both, but they just couldn’t live with each other that I ultimately had to choose.Most of the people who knew me got really surprised when I chose to stick with Agnes.It was a tough decision for me too; coz I know my group would totally dissolve and the 4-yr friendship I shared with Jomar (2 yrs with suzette) would never be the same again.I didn’t tell them my reason for choosing to stay with Agnes then coz I know that whatever valid explanation I give wouldn’t ease the hurt I’ve caused.My reason I kept for myself, I will let u know now... it seemed to me then that Agnes needed my friendship more than my other two friends did.She was totally an outcast, with no one else but me. If I were to leave her then, it would be totally drastic. I did what I thought was right.And I never regret it.Thankfully, my friendship with Jomar and Suzette continued until 4th year although not as close as we used to be. I can say that my junior year had been the most exciting and colorful of my four years in high school, with my two best friends, Steven and Agnes (who always fought…they just couldn’t get along).In the summer of 1993, I was taken aback with the unexpected news that Steven and his family had left the country for good.He even threw a “get away party” where I was not invited.I was terribly hurt, thinking that maybe he never really considered me his best friend, and the thought that I might not be able to get on with my last year in school without him.In both of these thoughts, I further realized I was wrong.Surprisingly, I was the first person he wrote a letter to in school.Though we never talked about why he had to keep things from me, I understood it wasn’t easy for him too and our friendship went on as normal as before. As the first months of my final year in high school commenced, I developed a close friendship with the guys particularly Errol who sat before me.He would always consult Agnes and me about his love life, making us his gift consultants, card authors, and even autograph signers.After some time, Agnes and I joined Errol’s group (‘D Terrors, where Steven transferred after being a “Naughty”). We didn’t become “Terrors” though; we just hang out with them together with the other all-female group called “Campus Girls” headed by Ianne (a friend of mine since 2nd grade).It was a big, funny group, which even got tagged by “Banang”(the most-hated Chem teacher) as ‘antagonists’.I never thought I’d have one of the best years in my life considering my other best friend’s absence.It was fun and just remembering it now, fills me with mixed emotions.On that same year, I had the chance of becoming a stage actress (geeze…would u believe that?). I was paired with one of the most popular guys, Ferdinand, of whom I had a big crush since junior year.It was exciting, outrageous and romantic…. hahahaha.I could still remember how people reacted about our love team, how everybody thought there was something more than what they see on stage. I was overwhelmed with the attention and compliments I was getting, but it reached a point where the popularity got a bit scary.Girls who were gaga over him hated and ridiculed me.So after our stint, I started avoiding him.Again, I thought it was the right thing for me to do. Before our last Christmas together as IV-Newtons, I had a big fight with Busoy and Jomar… petty ones that grew big.I was able to rekindle my friendship with Busoy before our graduation through the help of our group (he was a “Terror”) but my friendship with Jomar was doomed.	It was something I had to accept reluctantly, we were both too proud to admit our flaws and never got the chance to talk things over. 
nother working week has passed. Feel so relieved that at last i can oversleep again, stay lazy for two days and just care about tv shows, some vcds papi has burned or my fave jeopardy game. But i feel really sad coz weekend means another 2 days of not talking to my Paul. Although i can txt him anytime, talking on yahoo is still a whole lot better... he seldom replies on sms coz he's having trouble with his mobile or service i think. Oh but last night he did message me twice hmmmnnn i was so happy plus i got the messages yahoo sms was supposed to send me last week. I didnt know he sent me messages then coz he never mentioned maybe he thought i just didnt reply or anything, but i was a bit worried then when the yahoo sms service started acting up knowing that he might message me once he sees me on and since i cant receive messages he might think i ignored him or something. But that didnt happen, i'm a lucky lucky gril coz my darling didnt think that way. He messaged me before going out but i'm not working late tonite so i'll probably be home once he gets back. We're just missing each other more and more as the days pass. He again told me our love just grows and grows...so happy to know that.It's funny how i love coming to work every day, and how i don't even want to take a leave even if i badly need a break.... all because of my Paul. Of course, i wont trade talking to him for anything at all... that's the only thing we've got for now. We need it to keep us strong.
That’s Life (1994) So you failed. Now what? Change that pout into a smile Hide your tears and face the world Don’t give up. It’s just a matter of trying, Striving, and of course sacrificing. Learn to accept everything…cheer up!Don’t rush…you’ll have your time. Just wait. Be patient. It’ll come soon, don’t you worry. Enjoy your youth; it comes but once; And so is your life. Live it to the fullest… You’ll never have it again.So you loved but lost. That’s life learn to take it! Someday, you’ll be thankful, you once lost For it is where you gained something…Problems? Oh, that’s what normal people get! It really pays to be normal, isn’t it? Well, that’s just a spice of life Without it, life would be empty. No joy. No warmth. No challenge.Now, listen. Life isn’t merely pleasure… but pressure. You must live not only for yourself but also for others. Show your essence… be proud you’re human! Give the best you can! That’s life. Take it or leave it? The Answer (1996) Was it your eyes that made me shiver? Or your lips that made me sigh Was it the way you talk in whisper? Or your sweet enchanting smile?How can I forget the way you tease me And the friendly talks we had? How can I immune myself with your absence And pretend to be happy when I’m sad?Can I endure this pain much longer? Then lie again and again? Or fill the questions with answers That I’ve tried to hide in vain. UNTITLED (1998) Why does it hurt so badly? Living a life so empty …all alone …with no one to care but my own.Why do I crave for something Even I cannot explain …unseen …yet I feel the urge to have.Why am I what I am? Afraid to admit what I feel …puzzled, confused …uncertain that this really is LOVE. SACRIFICE (1996) How can I smile again?When all I feel is pain?Go on and say nothing’s wrongWhen it isn’t me you belong?Where else could I turn to?When all the doors lock upAnd the friends I have says noWho else could make me laugh?The thought of survival killsBut I have to;I must liveAn empty life and nightly chillsWith endurance, your freedom I give. EDIFICE (1996) The sun’s about to set Darkness envelops the blueness of the sky I stood there, waiting…… Yet you didn’t come.The next day, at dusk I returned Waited till my eyes could no longer contain Hoping at least you’d remember A five-year-old pledge we made here.Our rendezvous is my witness Of a love unshattered and patient I shall come again and again In this edifice --- till you remember. ASS (1997) There he sat silently on his fave benchHe wants to thinkBut million thoughts preoccupy him.He tried to talk with Martha But she didn’t seem to care a bitHe took out a cigarette and silently smoked.The memories came flashingThe nightmare’s backBut he could hide no moreHe should have been a lawyer nowNo, a doctor maybe.……yes, he lost his gold.Yesterday couldn’t be pulled backEverything wasted was wastedRegrets won’t make any differenceSlowly he got upHeaded unto nowhere, no more MarthaYes, the fool realized what a fool he was! SORRY…. (1997) As tears rolled down her cheeks, You uttered the word you thought could heal SORRY.SORRY… You thought it was some kind of medicine That could wash away the pain That could stop her tears from falling.Your SORRY shattered her dreams Broke her heart into pieces Yet she still loves you And have forgiven you.You may be happy now with someone else, But you could never tell if someday You’d come to hear the word you once said …. SORRY. THE DREAMER IN ME (1998) I used to see nothing but rainbowsA blue and sunny skyCheerful faces to pacifyUnprepared for the sorrows to comeYet now I stand in this empty roomAlone, shattered and immuneDon’t know how to move with the tuneFeeling that my life’s in a doom I tried to retrieve past memoriesAnd can’t help the tears from fallingOver mistakes and failures I gainedHidden behind my sweet smile.The dreamer in me is deadTired, broken and hopelessNothing that I did is goodAnd there’s no sense in dreaming once more. FOOL THAT I AM (1998) I had you in my heart 	My arms could have pulled you close 	Touched you, cuddled sweetly 	I would have ----- yet I let you go.I denied I was in love 	Ignored the feeling inside 	Didn’t believe that you love me too 	Yet now, yet now I miss you so.If only I could pull back the years 	Hold you and say I do 	That I always longed for your touch 	But I could not.Accept I must this fact 	Though It hurts a lot 	We once shared something mutual that’s so special 	And if we’re meant to share it once more, time can only tell… I AM WHO I AM (1998) This is me 	Indefinable, unpredictable 	Obscure 	Vague.I am me 	Cheerful, outgoing, moody 	Full of dreams in life 	Simply human.Just another….. 	Dreamer. Sometimes I stumble 	But I get up with dignity. 	Loser. Oftentimes I lost yet I gain something better.This is me. I am me. Just another being. Yes, I am who I am. UNSPOKEN LOVE ( 1999 – for viki) She have been bombarded with childhood nightmares No family to claim her own, no loving mother to hug her so… Her body was restless with work And her heart was filled with hatred.She looked for the missing piece everywhere The love she had been longing to share Men came and went in her life Still, she felt empty inside.She settled with someone who loved her much Yet she failed to hold the love she grasped It slipped and dripped like sand Abandoned once more, her fate was out of her hand.Tough as she is, she stood firm Fought the battle and hoped to win She may have lost in many battles But still, she continued her struggle.Now, as she strives to live the life she’s destined to have I just want her to know that she’s not alone --- never We’ve always been here (with God) from the start Though we don’t say it much I hope she knows How much we love her so.We take great pride in her strength The undying hope and endurance she possess All these and more are her wealth Which no one else could have.She has always been our empress in shining armor Always ready to defend us from harm The superwoman of our lives Yes, we’re very proud of ourmom.FOR ONCE (2000) For once in my life I’ve cared for someone For once I’ve cried when love has gone The pain, the memories, lessons learned and time wasted The feelings that still linger filled me with hatred.I tried to sleep on it, forget his faceAnd trash his image I tried to bury the love in anger Hoping I would somehow grow in ageWith my life’s high and low, The bitterness I gained still show I thought I learned my lesson well But no, I can never tell.For here I am again Loving right after losing….. Ready for another strike of pain Waiting what love’s gonna bring.For once in my life I got hurt For once I recovered and stood up I may not have learned enough But I’m glad I still have a heart. IT’S US, REMEMBER? (2002) It was I who wept when you said you failed As I looked into your sad eyes, the pain stayed It was I who assured you that all you have to do is go on That life is full of twists and turns Sometimes you get along, oftentimes you don’t So you need to be strong in order to hold on You looked at me with eyes full of hope And I knew then that you could cope.It was you who lifted up my spirits Made me feel good and very special It was you whom I held hands and walked with Whose lips I kissed with so much warmth As you whispered how much you love me That it’s more than I could see All I could do was hug you tight Coz I couldn’t ask for more.It was us who dreamed a happy life together Nice home, good kids ---- a perfect family We believed everything stays well forever And promised to keep the vow of matrimony It was us who have passed lots of trials Of individual differences we’ve learned to overcome Why turn your back now that we’ve gone this far? Why leave me alone when you made me believe it was us? It’s always been you and me from the start Can’t it still be us? THE MAN I TAUGHT MY HEART TO LOVE (1993) The man I taught my heart to love A man intelligent and smart All the good traits he must have To be nearer to my heartA man who’s understanding enough Fill up all my needs and lack ‘Cause sometimes I’m not that tough All I can do is mock.A man who is very religious A man who’ll bring me near to GodTeach me not to be loquacious Who’ll cheer me up when I’m sad.A man who’s handsome in my eyes Even if they say that I’m that blind Someone who’s so nice A man who’ll enlighten up my mind.A man who must be older than me A year or two or three So my mistakes he can see A man who’ll love me free.This man I’ve already found A kind so few But all of a sudden he was gone The man I taught my heart to love… Is no other than YOU! THE CURSE OF LIFE ~ (1999) Life’s curse hits you when you’re down 	It’s there when you fail 	When you are dumped It hits you hard that you can’t stand up 	It cripples your soul 	Make you feel numb inside It lingers long till you cram up 	It manipulates the way you live 	Let you go where you should not It drives you mad of causes you know not 	It brings out unanswerable questions 	The cause of uncontrollable emotions It pushes you to do things you should have thought twice 	It seems to rule you although it does not 	It does not exist though you chose to believe it does It is a fiction you created to make life an exciting struggle. That Thing Called... (1999) LOVE is something that comes and goes overnight 	Sometimes it lingers, sometimes it does not. 	It is a feeling that drives you to act 	And it can be an act that can give feeling to your heart.LOVE may not be felt at all times 	But it can be given through our acts 	It is the conscience that dictates us 	And make us feel good insideLOVE comes in various masks 	I have mine and you have your own match. 	It’s just a matter of preparation and trust. 	The day would come at last.LOVE is sacrificing your own interest for other’s happiness. 	It is giving up what you like the most. 	And setting free at no cost Yes, love is there when you let go. ONLY A BEGINNING (1994 – for IV-Newton batch ’94) It hurts to see you go But what can I do? I don’t have the right to stop you. You’ve done it well, my friend.You’re now in line with the so-called graduates Which everyone thinks is the end But dear, do remember Graduation only serves as a beginning.You’ve only ended light endeavors Heavy ones are still ahead Be prepared and do your best Fight, and make it to the fullest.A little patience is only needed What you sow is what you’ll reap Your goals in life will soon be real And your dreams won’t remain as dreams.Just don’t forget to ask God’s help Make way to your struggle I hope to see you soon marching on success For the completion of once a quest. It Could Be You ~ (1999) An empty mind came overflowing A numb heart started to feel something Yours is the name that awakens Yours are the eyes tat weakens...These conflicting emotions arouse confusion Yet I embrace it with conviction It's infrequent and unusual, truly extraordinary A burden I struggle to carry.In time we'll know all the answers And learn to accept the consequences it bears Take time to stop awhile and think of me Try to imagine if we could ever be.We're both aware of what we feelThere's something within us that we could be real It could be you who'll end the quest Coz I've found, who for me, is the best. Silly Heart (1994) I'm not sure if I do But he's sure he does I don't know if this feeling's for real But I know how he feels.What will I do? Could I just stay and pretend? Or will I just ignore? To escape from pains and heartaches?I feel something inside But i'm not sure what it was And if I'll enter this game I'll be at the losing end.Everybody's against.... How could I bear such consequences? How could I face asking faces? I'm not sire I can.“C'mon, try it” my heart says Although trying never harms My mind still never dared try And was contented in giving out a silent sigh.I'm very much confused I feel like crying I feel like I'm about to give up Now, tell me, what shall I do next? We Care (1995) When problem s beset you ...and you feel you're about to give up hold on...be tough Remember, God cares.When you're so down and helpless ...and the path you're heading seems rough just smile...take it easy Remember, I'm here.When friends turn their backs on you ...and your hope seems to drift Don't be lost... keep on striving Who knows, success is only half a mile away?Don't say you're all alone... don't think you're forsaken don't lose hope... don't lose faith Remember, we both care. 
I DO….. There were dozens of things that I had told Except for one, ‘cause I’ll feel so bold The word that carries all I feel But once it’s said, I’m in a seal.I’ve always been afraid to commit myself That’s cause I don’t want to live in a shelf Don’t despair if I don’t say I love you Your ears may not hear it but my heart says I do.I may seem so far and distant to you at times That’s cause I’m afraid to put you in chimes Sometimes I say cruel words to hide what I feel But you must know that I love you still.I know you won’t entirely understand But please try to, give me a hand Give me time to say what I feel for you Give me courage to say I do.Daily Resolution I’ll forget the love he cherished	And the warmth it brought to me I’ll forget it lived and perished 	Like some fleeting melody.All the joy and all the sorrow 	I shall bury out of sight But all these can start tomorrow	While I think of him tonight!Loving and Losing So you love someone but he doesn’t know it? And you’re longing to tell him but you’re afraid and shy? Will you just stay and love him Secretly and perhaps painfully?You’ll get old that fast my friend Get the feeling of your chest, that’s what you’ll do Go to him and tell him exactly what’s inside of you Forget your foolish pride and don’t regret it afterwardThere’s nothing wrong and ugly or undignified about it Loving is such a noble and wonderful thing to do And falling in love is perhaps the greatest gift you can give yourself Say it now and don’t let your golden chances pass you by Else, he’ll slip away and be gone and you’ll never never knowThat maybe he loved you tooLook, everybody got a lover Don’t you also have the right to have one? God created us not individuals but in pairs He’ll give you fair share if you truly deserve itBut what if your love got turned down? Should you hide your face and cry? Don’t friend, congratulate yourself either Because you’ve done your part well Tomorrow, you’ll fall in love again Yes, it’s so lonely to lose But I think it’s lonelier to sit all your life And wait for love to come But, it may never come at all….TEMPER When I have lost my temper, I have lost my reasons too I’m never proud of anything that angrily I do When I have talked in anger and my cheeks are flaming red I’ve always uttered something that I wish I hadn’t said In anger, I have never done a kindly deed or wise But many things for which I felt I should apologize.I’m looking back across my life all I’ve lost or made I can’t recall a single time when fury ever paid So I struggle to be patient for I’ve reached a wiser age I do not want to do a thing or speak a word in rage I’ve learned by sad experience that when my temper flies I never do a decent, a decent thing wise. -Ann AndersonA PRAYER WHEN IN DOUBT Lord, I have a lot to learn. Through life, I am faced with difficult situations, I am tasked to make decisions; But most of the time I doubt if I know what’s right or wrong Give me the wisdom ---not to know What’s wrong or right but what’s good or bad in your heart. Cast away the doubt and give me the confidence To do what I feel is good. And lead me towards the action which You know is good.GOD KNOWS BEST Our father knows what’s best for us So why should we complain? We always want the sunshine But He knows there must be rainWe love the sound of laughter And the merriment of cheer But our hearts would lose their tenderness If we never shed a tearOur Father tests us often With suffering and with sorrow He tests us not to punish us But to help us meet tomorrowSo whenever we are troubled And when everything seems wrong It is just God working in us To make our spirit strong.DON’T QUIT When things go wrong, as they sometimes will When the road you’re trudging seems all uphill When the funds are low and the debts are high And you want to smile but you have to sigh; When cares are passing you down a bit Rest if you must but don’t you quit.Life is queer with its twists and turns, As every one of us sometimes learns And many a failure turns about When he might have won had he stuck it out, Don’t give up though the pace seems slow…. You might succeed with another blow.Success is failure turned inside out --- The silver tint of the clouds of doubt And you never can tell how close you are It may be near when it seems so far So stick to the fight when you’re hardest hit It’s when things seem worst that you must not QUIT.MAKE IT WITH YOU A simple request from your heart to mine To be together, it’s a matter of time I know deep inside, our dream will come true To be together as one, just me and youEach day that passes I thank my lucky stars That you’re safe and sound wherever you are I can only imagine your smiling face Then the vision vanishes without a traceI miss you more to just hear your voice But that’s all we’ve got, we have no choice If I could have just one dream come true I’d dream a dream that I could make it with you
AYOKO NA MUNANG UMIBIG (1993) Ayoko na……. 		Dulot mo’y pawang pasakit 		Sakit ng ulo at punyal sa dibdib 		Pagkabigo’t pagluha ang sinapit 		Pawang kabiguan sa larangan ng pag-ibigAyoko na……. 		Ang muli pang umasa 		Na karaniwa’y nauuwi sa wala 		Ang pag-asam at pagnasa 		Ng tunay na pag-ibig na laging naaantalaAyoko na……. 		Hatid mo pala’y pagdurusa 		Hapdi sa puso’t dagdag na suliranin Panandaliangligayang udlot ding napapawi At sa bandang huli’y labis na pagsisisiAyoko na……. 		Ang muling umibig sa ngayon 		Na sa tuwina’ykabiguan ang hatid 		Ayoko na ang muling malito 		Saka na…..kapag ako’y handa na. HINDI PA HULI ANG PAGSISISI (1993) Nagsisisi ako nang mahalin kita You’re not capable pala Gaga ako ng magkagusto sa yo Ngayon, labis ang pagsisisi ko.Mabuti na lang at ako’y natuto Nagising sa bangungot ko Ikaw pala ang monster sa buhay ko Akala ko noo’y prince charming koNgayong ako’y nauntog na, Nabukulan at nablackeye pa Ayoko nang magpatuloy… Ayoko na sa ‘yo.Tama ang sabi nila Ako nga’y talagang gaga Di kita dapat minahal Pinag-aksayahan oras ko’t pagmamahal Ngayon, ako’y masaya na,pagka’t limot na kita.Salamat sa nakaraang panaginip Pag-ibig na inalay sa yo Salamat at ako’y natauhan Iba na ang aking minamahal Hindi na kita kailangan.AGBAGTITAK SAN (1999) Ano’ng oras na, wala pa akong nagagawa Araw-araw na lamang ba akong tutunganga? Labis na ang inip na aking nadarama Pagkabagot ko’y di na matantiya Sa paglipas ng oras, pagkabalisa ko’y lumalala Kailan kaya ako lubusang sasaya?Ang lahat na yata’y aking inaalala Maging problema ni Petra’y pilit kong dinadala Sariling suliranin ay di ko na nga makaya Yun pa kayang bumabagabag sa iba?Di nila pansin, ngiti ko’y mapakla Malakas kong pagtawa ay hungkag sa tenga Lungkot sa mukha, kung minsan ay maskara Di maipahiwatig ang tunay na nadarama Kunwariang halakhak, kunwariang luha Katauhang sa wari ko’y taliwas sa isa’t isaBukas sa aking paggising, babalik ang pagtataka Bakit ako nandito, ano ang aking sadya? Buhay ko ba’y may halaga o ako’y balewala? Pakisagot naman -----baka agbagtitakon.AKALA KO (1994) Akala ko…. 	di kita mahal, 	di iniibig at pinahahalagahan 	ngunit ba’t ngayong wala ka na 	nais kong balik-balikan, mga nagdaan?Akala ko…. 	minahal mo ako 	yun pala’y ni halaga wala ako 	labis akong umasa sa wala 	ngayo’y ako rin ang labis na nagdurusa.Akala ko…. 	palagi kang nariyan 	na pag nabigo’y handang takbuhan 	gawing sandalan magpakailanman 	yun pala, tulad nila ikaw ri’y mawawala.Akala ko… 	sa bandang huli’y ikaw at ako 	subalit laking pagkakamali ko 	sarili ko ngayon ang labis na sinisisi 	sa kinasadlakan ng puso kong sawi. Ikaw..........sa Bagong Mundo (1994 – for IV-Newton batch ’94) Akala mo ba nakalaya ka na? Na lahat ng nalalaman mo'y sapat na? Hindi, kaibigan, marami ka pang madadaanan Upang lubusan mong masabing nagtagumpay ka na nga.Sa iyong pagtatapos, akala mo ba'y nakaraos ka na? Tapos na ang napakaraming problema Hindi, kaibigan, magsisimula pa lamang Ang pagdating ng mas mabibigat na suliranin.Sa naranasan mong hirap, sumusuko ka na? Magpakatatag ka, pagkat di mo alintana Na ang mas mahirap, padating pa lamang Sa bagong mundong iyong gagalawan.Sa mundong ito, Lubusan kang matututo Mga pasikot-sikot ng buhay Tiyak malalaman mo.Sa mga pagsubok, huwag kang sumuko Matinik man ang daan, pilitin mo Kung mabato ang landas, kayanin mo At di magtatagal, tagumpay ay mapapasaiyo. Mahal Ba Kita? (1994) Akala ko noon, sa buhay ng tao'y pag-ibig ang lahat-lahat Subalit natanto na lamang, kaylaki palang pagkakamali ko Kailanma'y di inakalang isang araw, tayo'y magtatagpo Ngayo'y di makapaniwalang ikaw nga'y totoo.Sa tanang buhay ko, ikaw lamang ang idinambana sa puso Sa bawat bigkas ko, katagang lumalabas ay yaring pangalan mo Di ko mawari kung ano at bakit nagkaganito Kung nagbago na nga ba ang pagtingin ko sa yo.Noon, makita ka lamang ay sapat na sa akin Laking ligaya, ang dulot sa damdamin Subalit nang aking makamtan kaytagal na inasam Nanlamig at nagsawa nga ba ang abang pag-ibig ko sa yo?Pag-ibig nga ba ito? Sa tuwina'y tanong ko Mahal nga ba kita? Baka naman puso ko'y nagkamali lamang?Kapagdaka'y naitatanong, mga pagkakaiba Noo’y tanggap kita maging ika'y di pa kilala Subalit ngayong batid ko na'ng lahat Di ko maubos isipin kung ano ang gagawin.Pag-ibig, sadyang kay hiwaga nito Nalilito na'ng husto yaring aking puso Naghihirap ng labis ang loob ko Sa tingin mo ba, ikaw nga'y mahal ko?Nalilito ako... ayokong mawala ka sa 'kin Ngunit ayokong ika'y lokohin at gamitin Upang magkaroon lamang ng katuwang Subalit ayoko namang patuloy na masaktan.Mahal nga ba kita? Anong nararapat kong gawin? Ano ang dapat kong sabihin? Kung matuklasan ko mang paghanga lamang pala't di ang pag-ibig na naturingan.Mga Hinagpis ni Ason (1999) Sa pagmumuni-muni ako ay sawa na Sa pag-iisa, ako'y nababato na Kailan ba ako matututong magparaya? Kailan kaya ako tuluyang lalaya Sa loob nitong seldang ako rin ang lumikha?Kung ang mga suliranin ko'y aking bibilangin Di kakasya kung daliri ang gagamitin Ano mang gawin ko, lutasin ko mang pilitPang-unawa ko'y sadyang makitid Di ko lubos maisip kung bakit Nandiyan naman si Nena, ba't di pa siya? O di kaya'y si Kiko, ba't ako pa?Di lamang miminsan akong nagtangka Mainam pa ako'y magbigti na lamang kaya? Subalit masakit yun, labas pa ang aking dila Kung anu-anong naiisip ko, puro naman masama Sa seldang ito nais ko na talagang makalaya.Kung ako'y marunong nang magmahal at magbigay Kung sa bawat gawin ko'y wala nang panghihinayang Kapag sa mga salita ko, maging sarili ko'y naniniwala Kapag ang mga kilos ko'y di na kaduda-duda At ang nararamdaman ko'y batid na ng iba Kung lahat ng problema ko'y sa Diyos na lang ipababahala Sa pagkakataong yon, siguradong ako'y wala na sa selda.Paano Ba ang Lumimot? (1994) Mula nang mahalin kita Nalimutan ko na Ang salitang 'limutin ka' Basta't ang alam ko'y 'mahal kita'.Ang sabi nila, ika'y di para sa akingAko ma'y di para sa 'yo rin Sabi nga nila, ang nagmamahal Nagiging bulag, pipi at bingi.Ano'ng magagawa ko Di ko kaya ang lumimot? Kahit ano'ng gawin ko Ikaw ang aking naiisip.Ilang ulit na nga ba? Ako'y nabigo at lumuha Ngayon ika'y aalis na Paano na ako nang nag-iisa?Palalayain kita, pagkat mahal kita Subalit pakatatandaan mo itong sasabihin ko Mawala ka man o ako dito sa mundo Hinding-hindi ko magagawa ang limutin ka.
ant wait to hear him sing this to me while holding him close hmmmnnnnnThe first words wer those that form the chorus. They go like this.........................THEGIFTOFYOU. THE FIRST................ TIME THAT I................. SAW YOU.................. DID SOMETHING PASS BY............... I SAW THE LOOK................IN YOUR EYES................FIRST KISS TOGETHER...............SWEET DESTINY.....................OH MY....WHAT A FEELING....................JUST TO LAY BY YOUR SIDE................................. LAST NIGHT........... I HAD............THE STRANGEST DREAM....................... THE PROMISE OF CHILDREN.....................YOUR HEART AND YOUR SOUL............... HEAVENS SINGING..........................YOUR SO BEAUTIFUL........TO SEE...........................IF DREAMS COME TRUE...........................TONIGHT ILL DREAM OF YOU...... SOMETIMES..........LATE AT NIGHT.........WHEN YOUR SLEEPING......................... I LISTEN TO.....THE SOUND.......OF YOU BREATHING..................AND I ......WONDER......... HOW DID I....FIND.....................A LOVE SO TRUE................THE SWEETEST GIFT................OF ALL....................THE GIFT IS YOU.........There are 3 more verses which are almost done Cheng, but i guess you will be getting tired reading all this. ALL I WANT IS THAT YOU REALISE HOW GREAT A GIRL YOU ARE...........................................................xxxx~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives. 
t's a slack Thursday at work and i've spent most of my time placing some add ons in here. I've been wanting to create my own site for ages and at least now although i still dont know how to make myself one, i'm trying to familiarize my so so mind on how the html codes work. It's still a whole lot of work and my eyes are starting to bulge and shut lolz. It's not that i want people to see this stuff coz it's really a very personal thing for me but i just want to have something that will always remind me of things, people and emotions that overwhelmed me in the past and still have this great effect on me.I had a short talk with Paul hours ago, he's busy writing another masterpiece for the Who's Who in Poetry and i just feel so so proud and happy for my man. It's gonna be one amazing and valuable gift for his mom. I didn't remind him about the pics nor the cam he promised coz i know he still have more important things to attend to. Anyway, i'm sure he's still as gorgeous as always. I was again inches above the ground when he told me he's really serious about me and that's a fact and that he believes in me 110%...and even more oh geeze.... do i have to say more. I'm giving him the time he needs and like in 2 weeks time he said we can start planning. Whatever. I'm not pressuring him coz i know that wont do us any good. What difference will it make? None. So i just have to understand and support him the only way i can for now... and that is by giving him time. He knows i'm just here and whatever mood i may get into, whether i'll start being impatient and rambling my pain out again tomorrow, only one thing is certain. I love him. Period. There are still a lot of things i want to do. Mostly for my family and my big dream of doing charity works someday. But if I were given a chance to make just one wish right now, it would be to open my eyes and find my Paul next to me. 
The Virgin August 23 to September 23 Virgois the only zodiacal sign represented by a female. It is sometimes thought of as a potentially creative girl, delicately lovely; sometimes as a somewhat older woman, intelligent but rather pedantic and spinsterish. The latter impression is sometimes confirmed by the Virgoan preciseness, refinement, fastidious love of cleanliness, hygiene and good order, conventionality and aristocratic attitude of reserve.They are usually observant, shrewd, critically inclined, judicious, patient, practical supporters of the status quo, and tend toward conservatism in all departments of life. On the surface they are emotionally cold, and sometimes this goes deeper, for their habit of suppressing their natural kindness may in the end cause it to atrophy, with the result that they shrink from committing themselves to friendship, make few relationships, and those they do make they are careful to keep superficial.But the outward lack of feeling may, in some individuals born under this sign, conceal too much emotion, to which they are afraid of giving way because they do not trust others, nor do they have confidence in themselves and their judgments. This is because they are conscious of certain shortcomings in themselves of worldliness, of practicality, of sophistication and of outgoingness. So they bring the art of self concealment to a high pitch, hiding their apprehensiveness about themselves and their often considerable sympathy with other people under a mantle of matter-of-factness and undemonstrative, quiet reserve.They are still waters that run deep.Yet in their unassuming, outwardly cheerful and agreeable fashion, they can be sensible, discreet, well spoken, wise and witty, with a good understanding of other people's problems which they can tackle with a practicality not always evident in their own personal relationships.In marriage they can be genuinely affectionate, making good spouses and parents. They are intellectually enquiring, methodical and logical, studious and teachable. They combine mental ingenuity with the ability to produce a clear analysis of the most complicated problems. They have an excellent eye for detail but they may be so meticulous that they neglect larger issues. Also, although they are realists, they may slow down projects by being too exact. Thoroughness, hard work and conscientiousness are their hallmarks, and they are such perfectionists that, if things go wrong, they are easily discouraged. Because of their ability to see every angle of a many-sided question, they are unhappy with abstract theorizing. With these qualities, they are better as subordinates than leaders. Responsibility irks them and they often lack the breadth of strategic vision that a leader needs. Their minds are such that they need the stimulus of practical problems to be solved rather than the mere routine or working to set specifications that need no thought. They are careful with money and their interest in statistics makes them excellent bookkeepers and accountants. Female Virgoans may find a career in fashion, for they have a flair for dress, in which they can be trendsetters.The sixth sign of the zodiac is concerned with:* self-perfection, critical faculties * altruism, honesty, responsibility * cleanliness, hygiene, health, healing * efficiency, daily routines, reliability * strength of character, veiled sensuality * service, hard work, passivity, modesty * incisive communication, shrewd logical thought The Virgoan PersonalityThese are the general personality traits found in people who are typical of Virgo. An unhappy or frustrated Virgo may display some of the not-so-attractive traits.Positive * Gentleness with helpless * Humane and helpful * Knowledgeable about good health * Witty and charming * Physically sensual * Painstaking * Emotionally warm * Sympathetic * Organized * DedicatedNegative* Scathing criticism of the lazy * Cranky and irritable * Dogmatic * Untidy * Tendency to be hypochondriac * Nervous and worried * Prudish * Eccentric * Undemonstrative * Overdemanding Secret Virgo Inside anyone who has strong Virgo influences is a person who worries too much about every personal imperfection and is never satisfied with his or her own standards. Virgo may appear to know it all and be a compulsive worker; both these behaviors hide a deep fear that he or she cannot be good enough for, say, the job or the partner. Virgos crave the opportunity to serve others and take charge of many apparently mundane matters that, collectively, are the bedrock of success. One of the least expected aspects of a Virgo personality is a strong, almost volcanic sexuality that can lie hidden and dormant for years until the right partner comes along.Ruling Planet and Its EffectMercury rules the zodiac sign of Virgo, so anyone whose birthchart has a strong Virgo influence will have a good and quick mind. In astrology, Mercury is the planet of the mind and communication. Being more concerned with practicalities than ideas (Gemini, the ideas sign, is also ruled by Mercury), Virgo is usually interested in acquiring information and in communicating by writing. The other traditional ruler of Virgo is the mythological Vulcan, the lame god of thunder, who has a confident and brilliant mind.The Virgoan LookPeople who exhibit the physical characteristics distinctive of the sign of Virgo look neat and fastidious and have a pleasant, often quietly beautiful face. Many Virgos look like loners and are not usually noisy people.Physical Appearance * High forehead* Cranium may seem too big in comparison with the face* Eyelids are often veiled* Nose is straight* Jaw is broad The Virgoan FemaleIf a woman behaves in a way that is distinctive of the personality associated with the zodiac sign of Virgo, she will have a tendency toward the characteristics listed below, providing there are no influences in her personal birthchart that are stronger than that of her Virgo sun sign.* has a pointed chin and a face in repose * the eyes are often soft and very beautiful * the hair may be long or short but is normally impeccably groomed * the mouth and lips are well formed * is typically clean and very neatly dressed Behavior and Personality Traits* can analyze situations in detail * is devoted to her work, usually serving others in some way * is basically shy * has incredible strength of purpose * will pursue happiness wherever it leads * is pure of mind but not naive * thinks of herself as more orderly and efficient than other people * has a delightful, straightforward personality * does not express her feelings easily * can be soothing one moment and critical the nextVirgo and LoveTo Virgo, love is not dramatic, emotional, or sentimental. A Virgo's love is devotion and will include love of family, friends, and those less fortunate than he or she. Virgo in love with another person will have many of the characteristics listed below. Behavior When In Love* looks for quality * is frightened by overt romance * may wait years for the right person * once in love, loves warmly and steadily * is devoted to the loved one * will rarely give cause for any jealousy * will do anything to avoid breaking upExpectations* devotion from the partner * a sense of decency * to be fussed over when feeling down * personal matters to be kept private * feelings to be handled with great care The End of An Affair Virgos are typically loyal and will avoid ending a marriage or other permanent relationship whenever possible. However, in the long run, Virgos are sensible, practical people. If the Virgoan sense of fair play has been outraged, the Virgo will make a quick and final break, legally and in every other way.It is rare for a typical Virgo to linger in a fading marriage. If sensible, intelligent discussion does not solve the problems, the Virgo soon makes up his or her mind to end it.Reconciliation is not typical of Virgoan behavior. Pleading, tears, sentimentality, or a more aggressive approach will have no effect. Because the Virgoan has good self-discipline, the past is soon put aside. However, if children are involved, the divorced Virgo will want to ensure that the children receive good education.Virgo and SexWhen a typical Virgo makes love it is a pure-minded, natural, healthy act. Virgo only enjoys sex when it is with someone who has gained Virgo's confidence. Celibacy, for short or long periods, is not usually difficult for Virgo. In general, Virgoan's are looking for a spouse, not a one-night stand or an affair. A Virgo who has not had his or her fragile sense of self undermined in youth will enjoy sex. The bedside library may include informative books on sex, because Virgos like to understand the finer details. Virgo (male or female) tends to seduce with finesse, charm, and subtlety. The fact that typical Virgoan instincts are chaste does not mean that Virgos are virgins. The Virgin of astrology is a symbol of self- improvement and fertility.Virgo and PartnerThe person who contemplates becoming the marriage or business partner of a typical Virgo must realize that Virgo will regard the union as permanent, although the finer details can be flexible. Given this, the person who partners Virgo can expect absolute loyalty. Virgos make strong commitments because they combine duty with devotion. The Virgo will approach a proposal with great caution and will analyze the pros and cons throughly before getting involved. This is an excellent approach to any long-term partnership but may sound rather cold and clinical in the case of a proposed marriage.Virgo Woman As A PartnerShe is shy but as tough as nails when the need arises. In business, she will be cool, intelligent, and fully commited. Slow to love, Virgo woman is not interested in anything less than true love. When it happens, she will love intensely. She will only break a partnership if there has been hypocrisy. She is the most practical romantic in the zodiac.Virgo and FriendsIn general, Virgo likes a friend who is tidy, clean, and intelligent with a broad range of interests.They prefer people who are not given to big shows of emotion and are attracted to those who offer a sense of peace and serenity.Positive FactorsVirgos love any pagentry that gives them an outlet for their tightly controlled emotions. Hence they are delightful companions at these events. Virgos are discriminating and have a fine artistic taste and a wealth of information on many subjects.They are not coarse and do not waste money. Virgos are loyal to their friends and will be extremely kind, considerate, and helpful.Negative FactorsVirgos are nervous worriers, and a friend who in some way feeds the worries will reduce Virgo to a nervous heap. Virgos can be cold and critical, so a friend who softens the barbed remarks with caring laughter will bring out the Virgo wit. Most Virgos find it almost impossible to admit they are occasionally wrong.Virgoan Leisure InterestsMost Virgos enjoy intellectual and practical pursuits. While many will take regular exercise for the sake of their health, they are not natural sportsmen and sportswomen.On the whole, typical Virgos pursue the following leisure interests:* theater, concerts, plays, pageants* books, magazines, dictionaries, encyclopedias* detailed crafts, especially weaving* alternative medicines, psychology* gardening, health foods, flowers* computers with all the paraphernaliaVirgoan Likes and DislikesLikes* making lists * a well-stocked medicine cabinet * self-improvement courses * punctuality * mimicking others * grooming self, taking showers,using nice soaps * dealing with details * tiny animals * helping others * wearing well-tailored clothes in muted colors and textures Dislikes* crowds and noise; brash people * slang, vulgarity, slovenliness,and dirt * people who whine and complain a lot * sitting still for a long time * disrupted schedules * lids left off boxes, or tops off toothpaste * being obligated to others * people who move Virgo's personal things * hypocrisy and deceit * any admission of weakness or failure * bright, bold, primary colors
 was supposed to go to Makati yesterday to file my medicine reimbursement (as far as my planner's concerned) but geeze, the continuous rains have kept me from doing so. What i did was cross it out and reschedule it for tomorrow or friday(hopefully). I need to file it the soonest possible coz i'm sure the check processing will again take ages and i might need to beef up my savings soon for something important. Dunno when Paul's gonna start looking into the papers for the visa application but once he's done with it and sends me (which will take 3-4 days) i want to be as prepared as i can be. It's what i've been waiting for all these months and i dont wanna keep the wait any much longer. IT SUCKS! It really does. Another birthday celebrant in the family... so Jan juz turned 20... and i'm about to turn 27 in exactly 16 days. Really funny when i look back 10yrs ago and never had a clue what i'd be in 10 years time. Oh well, almost everything still is the same. No change in height. Gained a kilogram or two. Same color. Long straight hair again (yeah i remember when i had it permed right after HS graduation just to look a bit different). Have some pocketbells i used to call baby fats...hehe thanks to Lucy and Gracia who introduced me to the new coined term lol. Poorer vision from having to work on the computer for hours every day (Thank God for weekends). Still a size 81/2. Has moved thrice. Still living with the whole family. But i guess the biggest and most important twist in my life is that finally after 10 crucial years of being single, i've finally met "The One". Now when I look back on the 10 years that passed me unnoticed, i dont feel any bitterness at all... nor any slight regret. I've lived it well and it seems that every single day of those 10 years led me to Him. I just feel so thankful. Being happy and in love are the most amazing feelings on earth!!!Good things come to those who wait I'm living with this thought right now. I believe that we'll be together sooner or later... but it's certain, we will be. If we were able to wait for years just to know each other and fall in love, we can overcome another period of waiting to be together. Being together won't make ours a fairy tale story but it will mark the start of yet another journey... but this time, we'll be alone no more in battling whatever's ahead of us. It will always be the TWO of us... in everything. Forever it shall be.
ad a good cry last night and when i woke up, i'm not as messed up as i was yesterday *sigh* i think i really needed that release.Was just in time to catch Paul before he went off to sleep and managed a quick goodnite talk. He was sending me off messages when i got on, said he waited on me and really felt sleepy, has even fallen asleep there. Still no pics of him in my inbox :( felt sad but i believed him when he said that he wasnt able to sort coz he had a busier day than he expected. He told me to remind him though...sometimes i hate myself for being so makulit, i dont wanna sound like i'm nagging him or something to that effect, i just wanted more pics of him coz i really am missing him so bad. Sometimes i'd just click on his yahoo profile in the middle of a busy day just to look at his pic. He sent me the same pic a year ago, the first pic of him i've seen actually but i have it saved in the puter at home, printed a copy i keep on my notebook's first page which i always carry in my bag (dont keep a wallet lol). His profile is the most accessible lol. When i dropped by the shrine on my way to work, i again asked God for strength...strength for both of us. To continuosly believe that we will eventually make it. To keep on trusting each other. To be able to dwell on our love's growth instead of the weeds that surround us and trying to get in between. To overcome the distance and the pain it's causing us. I don't know for how long this has to go on but i believe this will come to end sooner or later. For now i'm leaving everything up to God's discretion. Everything will fall on the right places in His time. I love him and i believe Him when he says he do love me. It's all that matters right now... and i'm here hanging on. 
kay okay, i know it's Monday.....i'm supposed to start my day right to have a really great week. But can i just tell myself this when i do feel really down right now? Argh!!..wish i could. I'm just too confused, too many things are running through my head. My emotions are very very mixed up. I should be happy having talked with Paul today. I am. But there's something that's really bothering me... and i hate it when i start to feel this way. I've tried so hard to always focus on the positive side of things that maybe, maybe i somehow overlooked the facts. Or maybe i've seen them and thought that the best way to deal with them is to shrug them off and play blind and insensitive...i dont know! I hate myself for being too dumb everytime my heart gets hit. I always end up handling things the best i could even if sometimes it already sucks. The sad part is that i always have a way of keeping all these to myself thus, leaving me more shattered in the end. We've never had a single fight in our 8-month relationship and i dont intend to pick on him just to start one. But i cant help but think, "am i really holding on something/someone real?"..... "is it worth it?".....I dont know. But deep within me, my heart says YES in caps. I cant see his efforts into the relationship well enough but i do know that just talking to me for a bit is already considered an effort if you think of the time zone involved. He's always working or away.... sometimes i just long too much for his time. But again i tell myself he'll give if only he got loads of it. I try to understand him in every way i can. Whenever he leaves me hanging, i'd always assume that maybe he has fallen asleep coz it's already too late out there. Sometimes i cant help but wonder why he has to work on hours like that when he's supposed to be sleeping. Maybe that's just the way it is, we all make use of our time the way we want. I've never had doubts, i've never seen any reasons to doubt in the first place. Or have i? Whenever we talk he would always tell me he loves me. He's always good with words and my heart couldnt help but melt.... i'm only bothered that he doesnt act his words out. He would always tell me soon, soon, soon.......but how soon is SOON? When is that soon gonna be? I believe him, everything he says....if that makes me dumb and crazy then let it be. I love him, God knows how much.....I always do my best to understand him but how much can i take? For how long? Every day i pray for strength. I know God must have valid reasons for all these things. Maybe he's just testing my patience and persistence. Or maybe he's just waiting for me to realize where i really stand and pick myself up from there. Right now i still dont know. I chose to hold on the love i have, to the man i've given my heart to.... until i find a reason to let go. 
h well .......i'm a newbie here. Been missing jotting down on my diary for a while now and i suddenly thought maybe i could get myself an online journal this time.So here it is, at last i've created one though it looks really empty....as in empty. Today is my brother Papi's big day. Cant think of anything to bring home later. Argh! Might just decide on something when i get off from work. A cake might do hehehe I just had a really wonderful day. I talked with my darling for hours this time.....not just minutes but take note : hourS.....he's been working on something and i'm glad he still had time to talk to me. I just hope he was able to sleep coz i feel a bit guilty everytime i get carried away talking to him knowing that he should be off sleeping that time and there i was keeping him up. Anyway, i'll be missing my Paul over the weekend :(I wish yahoo will stop acting up so i can get online on my mobile. I just keep missing him more every day **sigh** 
					 						 I boiled 6 lbs of Raspberries in 2 qts of water for 15 minutes. Cooled it. Added 4 drops of pectic enzyme.It took it about an hour and then those yeasties had a party.Will transfer to secondary when the airlock is 1/30 or next Tuesday, whichever comes first.Will need to bottle my IPA tonight. Look forward to this one. It was my first full boil.Until later 						 
					 						 I will start with the ingredients and the process, with added notes to think about at the bottom. Ingredients: 10 lbs Pale Malt 2 lbs Wheat 2 lbs Carapils 3 oz. Strisselspalt (4.5% alpha acid) 1 tsp Irish Moss 1 vial German Hefeweizen Yeast 6 lbs Frozen Raspberries Prep:Originally decided to use 1.2 Qts per lb of grain. This would yield 16.8 quarts (4.2 gallons), but thankfully I heated an extra gallon. The mash should have been 153 degrees when adding 4.2 gallons at 166 degrees to 14 lbs of grain. I added 1 more gallon to make it 1.5 qts per lb which is still acceptable. Mash:5.2 gallons of water to 14 lbs of grain to 153 degrees for 90 minutes. Sparge:Heated 6 gallons of water to 170 degrees. Next will make it 7 gallons. 5 gallon Rubbermaid can't handle hot water and had slight leak. No biggy.I sparged 6 gallons and ended up extracting 6 gallons of wort. Added 1/2 gallon water to accomodate evaporation. Boil (Start): After the wort foaming subsided, I added 2 oz Strisselspalt hops into the boil. Boil (40 minutes in): I added the wort chiller (to sanitize it) and 1 tsp Irish Moss (clarifying agent). Boil (45 minutes in): Added remaining 1 oz Strisselspalt hops. End of boil: Allowed 20 - 30 minutes to cool the wort to 100 degrees without too much stirring. Transfer to Primary: I syphoned all 5-gallons (too much evap - will avoid such a rapid boil next time). Pitched vial of shakened yeast and attached airlock. First Day Fermentation: The next morning I checked it and the fermentation was already kicken it. Second Day Fermentation: Foam has reduced, but the fermenting still quite active. Will add the raspberries in tomorrow.Notes: 1 - Have an extra gallon of hot water handy. 2 - Do not boil so rapidly. To conserve gas and not boil away as much wort. 3 - Find another Sparging vessel. The 5 gallon rubbermaid is warping and has a tiny leak :(Bye for now 						 
					 						 Bought furniture on Saturday and Father's Day was Sunday.Therefore no brewing :(I guess another week of preperation won't hurt. I still haven't calibrated my pH meter and need to better understand the Promash software.Who know's I might even change my first AG choice. 						 
					 						 Today is Friday and I am stoked about creating my first AG beer tomorrow.I like to hang out at theurlLink homebrew.comforum as that is where I have gathered most of my knowledge and confidence in taking this huge step.Up till now, I have created the following beers: Australian Golden Ale (Coopers)-First and only canned extract American Pale Ale-This is when I started my partial mashing Hefeweizen-I learned how yeast can produce polyphenols that imparts a banana clove flavor Fruit Ale (Strawberry)-My wife really loves. Could have a better head. Easy to drink Oatmeal Stout-Had to try a dark one. I really like the Young's Oatmeal Stout in the can. Red Zeppelin-My favorite beer I've made - Smoooooooth. Fat Tire Clone-Taking forever carbonate, but then Fat Tire isn't very carb'd anyway. Cream Ale-So far this is turning out to be pretty good and is only the second beer my wife will drink. IPA-Had to make a hoppy beer - My first full boil I have all the equipment ready and have decided on another fruit ale, seeing that my wife is almost out of Fruit Ale.Here it is: (fromurlLink thekgb.com ) Recipe Name: Panty Remover (Doug Piehl)Batch Size: 5 gallons Posted By: MOP AndyDate Posted: 11/24/2003 OG: 1.044FG: 1.002 Grain: Two RowAmount (lbs): 6 Grain: MunichAmount (lbs): 2 Grain: Cara PilsAmount (lbs): .5 Grain: Medium CrystalAmount (lbs): .5 Grain: Special RoastAmount (lbs): .25 Grain: Fresh BlueberriesAmount (lbs): 6 Mash Schedule: Mash all grains (not the blueberries! -- see comments below) for 60 minutes at 155°F. Sparge 6 gallons. Hops: Willamette (5.7% AA)Amount (oz): 1Time (minutes): 5 Yeast: White Labs California Ale Yeast Starter ?: N Comments: 1st place 1999 Dixie Cup. On the second day of primary fermentation, place fresh blueberries in a large pan and cover with water. Bring to a simmer for 5 minutes, cover and allow to cool. Add to primary after cool. Let stand for 5 days at 68°F. Rack to secondary for 1 week. Rack to keg.Sound good? Will post tomorrow. 						 
					 						 Here is the results.&nbsp; Total volume6.5gallons 21Pounds of Wildflower HoneyRed Star - Premier Cuvee - Active Dry Wine Yeast 6tsp Super Ferment &nbsp; I rapid boiled 5.5 gallons of water&nbsp;- That was my first mistake. Should have been more like 4.5. I meant to have 5.5 gallons total, not 5.5 + almost 2 gallons of honey - argh!!! Fortunately you can always add, but not take away. I still have 3 pounds left and will add it to the secondary. Otherwise, 21 pounds over 6.5 gallons would be 3.23 per gallon which would lean towards more of a dry mead. Adding the 3 in should push it up to 3.7 which is better. :) My OG: 1.111						 
					 						 I have 24 pounds of Wildflower honey that I would like to use on a Mead and a Honey Porter.Brewstop was closed on Sunday (lunar rendezvous???) and they are always closed on Monday. :(At least I know now.Good news: Wife's co-worker found me a possible lager fridge. I offered to pay with batch of beer. Supposed to be in great shape, but unknown if dimensions will allow carboy.Will pick up the yeast related stuff tonight to create a starter for the Mead. The Honey Porter will need to wait a few weeks.One more note: Coworker really enjoyed the IPA - as did I. First full boil was a success.						 
					 						 I tasted the Raspberry Wheat on it's 5th day and it's geeeeeooooooood.That IPA is really good too. I opened up a FAT tire (not flat tire) and that sucker is awesome.Good evening for drinking beer. :)						 
					 						 Well, I've got my weekends staggered where I brew one weekend and rack/bottle the week after. At least I think I do.&nbsp;This weekend I bottled my Raspberry Wheat which had a FG of 1.007. I loved the taste. Barb may have thought it was a bit sour, but bottle conditioning will hopefully take the edge off. Over all I am proud (so far) on my first All-Grain project.&nbsp;I also transferred AG version of the Cream Ale Dad likes. It smells good and is every bit of 5 gallons, so I may have hit the target gravity better than the first batch. Of cource, that doesn't mean it will be better. I took no gravity reading. We'll see how it goes after 2 weeks.&nbsp;After bottling my first Wine (Italian Merlot), I have decided to purchase (3) 3-gallon carboys and experiment making Mead. I have the recipe of a Sweet Raspberry Mead that looks good and only takes8 monthsof fermentation/conditioning and another6-12 monthsof bottle conditioning. If I start it this weekend, the first bottle would not be&nbsp;popped open untilSeptember 2005 .&nbsp;Here are some of the sites I visit:Here is the recipe -urlLink http://www.brewery.org/brewery/cm3/recs/10_54.html Here's a local Meadery that I can order from -urlLink http://www.labuenavida.com/ Article on staggered nutrient and DAP additon -urlLink http://www.labuenavida.com/ Mead Forum -urlLink http://forums.homebrew.com/index.php?s=&amp;act=SF&amp;f=8 Honey Locator -urlLink http://www.honeylocator.com/ Southeast Texas Honey Co. -urlLink http://www.texasdrone.com/I will add more as I find them.I have order 2 books on Mead: Sacred and Herbal Healing Beers: The Secrets of Ancient FermentationThe Compleat Meadmaker: Home Production of Honey Wine from Your First Batch to Award-Winning Fruit and Herb Variations Their both highly recommended books with long names. :)Bye for now 						 
					 						 I say that because I was spent by the time I was finished.6 hour brewing day!The Cream Ale appears to be bubbling ok. It was slow to start, but then it may have been a bit warm, when I added the yeast. I will ask Jan what she would like for me to make for her.Maybe a PBR Clone :) 						 
					 						 I'm going to make another Cream Ale for my Dad. However, this time I will convert the recipe from Extract to AG. Cream Ale recipe:12lbs Pale Malt 1 lb CaraPils 1/2 lb Crystal 1/2 ounce Willamette- 60 minutes 1/2 ounce Hallertauer - 60 minutes 1/3 ounce Cascade - 60 minutes 1/2 ounce Hallertauer -2 minutes 1 tsp Irish Moss- 15 minutes 1 California Ale Yeast (WL001) 1 tsp gelatin (secondary) 3/4 cup bottling sugar I just received my new 10 gallon Rubbermaid to replace the warped 5 gallon one. I probably should post a picture of all my current setup.I will stop by the Brewstop today and pickup the ingredients. 						 
					 						 I guess 6 pounds of raspberries is redder than than that of 8 pounds of strawberries. What a nice, deep color. If this stuff tastes anything like it looks, we're in for a treat.I was also surprised to have close to 5 gallons. After 7 days of fermentation, it was bubbling once every 30-40 seconds. I kind of expected it to be aggresive little longer.This brings up a good question: When going from extract to all grain, how would you determine the amount of grains needed to equal that of extract.Ex: 5 lbs of Pale Extract = x lbs of Pale MaltWhat is x? 						 
					 						 ... and it's goooooooooooooooooooooooooood.I also grabbed 6 of my flat tires, popped them open and sprinkled some dry yeast in them to see of in the next few weeks it has more carbination.My Raspberry wheat is bubbling about about 1 every 8 seconds.Maybe I'll transfer it on Monday (July 5th) or this weekend.Already thinking about my next batch. - Barb wants more Fruit Ale- Pappaw wants more Cream AleWell seeing that I sort of have a Fruit Ale (RW) and I still have some Cream Ale left, I might favor another Ale that uses Carapils. It adds a nice smooth flavor to Pale Ale and an awesome head.We'll see 						 
					 						 Looks and smells good. Gravity is 1.010. Maybe a little lower than I would have thought. I figured a Porter to be more like 1.015.I took some homebrews to the Texans/Cowboys game yesterday, but mainly drank Bud Light in the can. Stuff is like water on a hot summer day.Good game - Good beer. Can't ask for anything more.						 
					 						 I did the Honey Porter this weekend. I discussed the ingredients with Ken and made a few changes. I removed the Malto-Dextrin. Substituted with more Cara-Pils. Used 1/2 lb of Chocolate. Also decided on 3 pounds of Honey as opposed to 6. Ken said 6 might make it more like wine.Here is the Honey Porter recipe: Honey Porter2lbs Aroma Malt5lbs. British Pale5lbs. Vienna1lb Cara-Pils 40L1/2lb Chocolate Malt3lbs. Honey (Wild Flower)2oz. Hallertau Hops (Boil- 4.2% AAU)2oz. Brewers Gold (Finish- 12.4% AAU) WLP001 (California Ale) Mash I added 4.2 gallons of water at 168 degrees to obtain a mash temp of ~152. I mashed for 1 hour while heating up 7 gallons of water at 170. The recipe called for Mashing out at 170, but I skipped it, because I wasn't worried about the viscosity. I sparged for a little more than an hour and collected 6.5 gallons. BoilBrought to boil and waited for hot break (foaming). Once harm of boil over had passed I started my hop schedule. 1 oz Hallertau (60), .5 oz Hallertau (45), .5 oz Hallertau (30), 2 oz Brewers Gold (15). I added the honey in with the last hop addition. CoolingF-in wort chiller is a peice of crap. It leaks like a mug. When it eventually cooled, I aeriated and pitched the yeast. I used the 6.5 bucket this time and the mead is using my carboy. This stuff is really foamy. It was difficult to read the temp and hydrometer. OG : 160 @ 98 degrees 						 
					 						 The FG was 1.005.We had 2 casualties while Barb was helping bottle, but we still managed to get a bunch.I tasted it and it appears to be cleaner/clearer. Slight hopiness. Very good. The only thing I thought peculiar was that after 15 days in the secondary, the yeast was in very small quantity. Not sure if this is good or bad. As long as it has enough to carbonate the beer.later						 
hen you look at me, what id it you see?Is it my strength, my pride, my will. Or is it my hurt, my pain, my skill. Is it my knowledge, my joy, my faith. Or is it my fear, my anger, my hate. Is it my kindness, my warmth, my honesty. Or is it my guilt, my abuse, my jealousy. Is it my beauty, my happiness, my smile. Or is it colour, my ugliness, my style. Is it my loyalty, my success, my intelligence. Or is it my pass, my mistake, my resentment. Is it my respect, my individuality, my gratitude. Or is it my defense, my failure, my attitude. Is it my sensitivity, my patience, my confidence. Or is it my temper, my animosity, my ignorance. Is it my dreams, my hopes, my fame. Or is it my struggle, my despair, my shape. When you look at me tell me, what do you see?
You called yesterday, to basically say That you cared for me but, that you just not in love Immediately I pretended to be feeling similarly And led you to believe I was OK to just walk away from the one thing That's unyielding and sacred to meWell I guess I'm trying to be... nonchalant about it And I'm going to extremes... to prove I'm fine without you But in reality I'm slowly losing my mind Underneath the guise of a smile gradually I'm dying inside Friends ask me how I feel... and I lie convincingly 'Cause I don't want to reveal... the fact I'm suffereing So I wear my disguise, till I go home at night And turn down all the lights and I break down and crySo what do you do when somebody you're so devoted to Suddenly just stops loving you And it seems they haven't got a clue Of the pain that rejection is putting you through Do you cling to your pride and sing "I will survive" Do you lash out and say "How dare you leave this way" Do you hold on in vain as they just slip awayWell I guess I'm trying to be... nonchalant about it And I'm going to extremes... to prove I'm fine without you But in reality I'm slowly losing my mind Underneath the guise of a smile gradually I'm dying inside Friends ask me how I feel... and I lie convincingly 'Cause I don't want to reveal... the fact I'm suffereing So I wear my disguise, till I go home at night And turn down all the lights and I break down and cry
The promise of love... It came from my heart Thought all that we shared... Would last forever So where did things go wrong What happened that made things fall apart Why I just don't know It's so hard to let go of someone... I used to call my ownBut I'll find a way I'll get over you one day I'll find a way I'm gonna deal with all this pain I'll find a way' Cause I know that somewhere... My soul mate is waiting for me Gonna make it through the day I'll find a waySilence gets so intense... Without you to share a word I really miss your presence... This loneliness feels awkward But I won't call you... I refuse I'd rather lay here by myself in the dark... Crying my heart out I wish these tears could erase... All the memories of you but they can'tBut I'll find a way I'll get over you one day I'll find a way I'm gonna deal with all this pain I'll find a way' Cause I know that somewhere... My soul mate is waiting for me Gonna make it through the day I'll find a way'Cause what hurts today... In time will fade away When you told me goodbye... I felt so betrayed Find the courage... To move on One day I'll replace... The precious love I lost
 urlLinkMy husband and myself (our engagement photo.) This was taken just over a year ago, my hair is short and spiky now but other than that I look the same. &nbsp; urlLink 
 urlLinkAnime drawing I worked on last night. I'm very new at drawing anime. If anyone has any advice for me, I would really appreciate it. This one was inspired by another drawing I saw on the internet and it is the anime version of me! &nbsp; urlLink 
I made it through my first week of intense training for work and I am now officially a computer nerd (if I wasn't already before.) I cannot believe how much information is swimming through my head... I'm so glad it's the weekend, though other than Father's Day and grocery shopping, I really have no plans. I need to get a life, I'm turning in to a boring married person! Help me! My best friend Melissa is home from Calgary soon, so then things will pick up a little, but still. I don't really know anyone here in Chilliwack. I need to make some friends and not sit around the house as much. I feel like everyone in the world has a really great social life except for me.... 
 urlLinkI wish I was an anime&nbsp; urlLink 
my name is danielle (online as aura~alysa) i'm 22, female, married, from outside of vancouver, canada. i like music (all kinds, mainly punk, rock, hip hop, house), cartoons, anime, hello kitty, reading, computers, pc and video games, 4x4, camping, hiking, biking, exploring, pets and making new friends... i'm starting to get more interested in anime, manga and role-play games... if you want to chat i'm connected to yahoo and icq. love and peace xo aura~alysa
Finally, after the tease of spring, summer is finally upon us, which is awesome, except I walked part of the way home from work and now I'm burnt and dizzy. Oh well, complain complain. I am doing a "trial run" on my day off to see how long it will take me to ride my bike to work, and how brave I feel doing so. :) Any words of encouragement for me? It will be good exercise, which I need since I sit in an office all day, and it will help seeing as my husband and only have one vehicle at the moment which he has to use for work. I have just got back into bike riding and am still feeling a little nervous about riding alongside traffic. 
his is what me and Mike found today before we went to the shed. urlLink Yeah those are spiders 
k so he's the story up to this point:Graduate HS, went to WPI, transfered to Bryant College, Graduated Bryant College.Other than that you'll need to know i live on Long Island (most boring place ever) and amd looking for a job or scam or something to make me money. This blog however is just so i can get a Gmail account.
o i got the gmail account i've been looking for (props to Matt for that) and now that i have invitiations they are going for crap on ebay. oh well. at least i got the ill gmail name. Not that i'll post it here but if you need to know it you will. in other news i power washed the deck and the porch. it took me a while but they both look alot better. i forgot to take pictures of the back deck (which was really nasty) but i got some of the front deck. they may show up on the website if i'm really bored.
k so I'm back to buying, selling, fixing and/or renting houses. I got the 7 day trial membership to theurlLink bargain network . I started looking around and saw quite a few interesting properties. I also saw a link to be Pr-Qualified for a mortgage. So I applied for that as well and within 20 minutes the phone rings. They called to find out some additional information so I talked with the woman for a little while and found out my credit score (711). It's kinda like finding out my IQ: I mean I knew it was good but I didn't think it was that good. Anyway they want to make sure I have enough money for a down payment before they can approve me. What I'd really like to do right now is pick 1 more area to look into. Right now I'd like to find something either outside Boston or in troy. I'd like to find something a lithe more moderate. I mean Troy is gone be mad cheap because of the area but has college students to rent so that's a big plus. Boston is going to just keep growing so whatever I get there will continue to increase in value the way LIE has been doing. I'd like to find a nice area in western Massachusetts, or southern VT or NH. Then compare the 3 to see what's the best option.Also I'd like to go to visit Matt to checkout some places in troy. And visit Michele to checkout places outside Boston. It'll probably be one big trip. I'm trying to work out some plans but it should be in the next week or two.
o last night Mike and I rearranged the whole basement. I also got rid of the big screen that didn't work. As for cleaning... Well that's a different story all together. For the most part we moved all the tables with the stuff that was already on them so the mess got rearranged also.I setup my camera so it would take a picture every 5 minutes so you can see the whole process.urlLink Pictures are here And this is the final result:urlLink TV side urlLink Office side 
t looks like GTA has made the transition from a video game to the real world.urlLinkJust check this out Authorities detonated three explosions and fired at least 200 rounds against the heavy steel plates welded to the bulldozer 
k so Craig asked me about this today so I figure it's another thing worth writing about. So here is how it works: you run this script and it goes to a list of porn sites with free sample videos. It goes to the links and downloads any movies it finds and saves it to a directory. Then you can sit back and watch it without bothering with clicking, downloading, popups, etc. If that wasn't good enough it downloads about 2 gigs of videos each hour you run it. The catch? Well it downloads every movie it finds. So yeah you'll get some good stuff but you'll also get the gross, the wrong and the weird. My solution is to search the downloaded movies for keywords (like tran, gay, men, hentai, mature, old).Here is the simple 3 step plan to free porno:Step 1: urlLinkdownload the newest version of python Step 2: urlLinkdownload this script Step 3: Open the script in Wordpad and edit the line that starts with"destdir ="to point to where you want the files to download.(note: make sure you have the folder made cause this script wont create it for you). after that's done all you have to do is double click on it and it'll start downloading.
k so i'm basicly in charge of my dad's books for his company. It's good that i'm getting experiance with starting a business before i do it myself. this shit seems like it's gonna be a pain in my ass. but once i learn it once i think i'll be in much better shape. I'd still like to do the house thing but i dont think that can be my only job. i have to look into lost freight auctions in the area. those and auctions from public storage units. i dont know if i'll get anything good but pretty much everything is ebay-able. 
 went wine tasting with Michele today. It was a really good time and now I have a list of places which give free wine tasting. After the trip was done I was pretty messed up. I've gotta do it again soon maybe before a ferry trip.Each Winery will do things differently but you'll encounter one of these 3 things: 1) Some places charge you a small fee (anywhere from $3 to $8) and you get to taste a set list of wines 2) Other places will charge you per wine you want to taste. Anywhere from (50 cents to 4 bucks) 3) other places where you can to try whatever you want for free (these are my favorite)There is a map you can pick up at any winery which has phone numbers and locations of all the vineyard so you can call ahead and plan out the trip. That's what we did once we got the map.

12.00a.m Since the first day we got ourselves wet in the morning,we decided to take turns to track time 1.00am Xiang Yang and Alvin was in-charge while the restslept tight.Half-way through Alvin shut his eyes. 2.00a.mSylvester was IC and he too keep his eyes wide quite long.He too fell asleep. 3.05a.mThe Fire Drill's alarm rang..Ventures David and Jing Yang was waiting for us to fall-in at the gatewayFortunately Gabriel was alert and woke the wholepatrol up. Everyone dashed out of the tent.We had ahead count.There were only 6 heads , one missing.It was Han Kiat.It took us 4+ min.We sense tekan sessionWe had to do 60 push-ups.As we were sleepy , it waskinda tough. 5.00am Xiang yang tried guarding by sitting outside the tent.Howunluky we were.He fall asleep. 
.00am We could not wake up in time..The camp instructors splashed water into our tents You should have seen how everyone reacted. Sleeping Bags were flooded , BaGs wet and Our bodies soaked..Everyone Fall-in about 5min late..SO here came the punishment..Quikly after that we had PT..The ground was sandy..Push-ups created blisters..The jogging was kinda relaxing7.00am We were sweaty..preparing our breakfast in our kitchen shed..Our shed was 2x4m sheltered with a canvas pegged to the ground.We spread margerine and some used tomato sauce onto our bread..We had to also have MorninG inspection by 8.308.00am We brought out all the sleeping planks from the tents and layed out our clothes in order. We alsoadjusted our tent and kitchen shed , tightened every lashing of our gadgets e.g(Gateway , Clothes line)8.30am The two leaders Sir Aloy and Sir Willy slowly neared the site.WE fall-in infront of our planks in Full-U. Once they entered the Gateway.The patrol leader for day(Kathe)attentioned the patrol and greeted the Sirs. The leaders spotted our mistakes to the PL9.00am We had opening ceromony..Commander Kathe and flag raiser Xiang yang.9.10am We had to change the whole camp site's gadgets. Gateway - A swing gate with two 18ft tripods supportingDining Table - Knee level table with two X-es to support the table top with 5ft poles11.00amWe had our 2nd Water parade..Drank around 800ml after drinking we got back to work.12.00pmOur two cooks ( Sylvestor and Alvin ) got the ingredients.1.30pm Sir Willy graded the food.4.10pm Sir Keming came to check the gadgets.EVeryone was attentioned. The PL walked around the site with the Sir. The Sir was totally unhappy with our gadgets as we took complete 6hrs building the gadgets.We were astonished when he pushed our flag staff to the ground.4.30pm We had Evening PT.Filled our bottles and ran to the MPH.Some forgot to bring the bottles so they had to run back to the camp site to get them.When they returned..We had to pay our PTI(Venture Melvin) for thetime we took up by doing push-ups.PT was very tough as we running like dogs.The shirts were really sandy5.30pm Our cooks got ready for dinner.We had lotsa ingredients7.00pm Sir Willy came to grade the food.7.15pm We ate quickly and filled 1-qtr of the thrash bag as some food was really uncooked or overcooked7.30pm We fall-in with our water bottles.Venture Yao Xing brought us to a strech of path to do FOOTdrill.We had done quite a no. of mistkes.To clear the mistakes , we did 5 sets of water sprinling exercises. Trustme..It made our arms ache.8.45pm We did a survey form of the day9.00pm We washed our utensils and cleaned up the kitchen shed.10.30pmEveryone got their new clothes to wash up themselves.We were informed that we will be having a fire drill The mosquitoes were another torture.You could see everyone scratching here and there.
OMG..Endurance Camp!! Once i set foot onto the campsite , everything turned upside down. I learnt how to spell "H..E..L..L". It was like soo cool. "SHIT" was the alternative.Even though how tough it was , I went thru it or can i say WE went thru it..IT was like a BIG achievement for us.Our skills totally improved in every way..
I created this blog in hopes of it being my semi-journal of personal life, to brag about my tots, to share my knitting and other crafty-like adventures, and just to blather about nothing at all.It is private right now, but I might, someday feel the need to share it with friends/family, not being sure if I will actually make this thing public ever.Yikes.Right now, I will be my only audience.Bravo.burp.This was actually started in late 2003, but I am just now created entries.I'm lazy. xo
Welcome!
Stateside, that is...this is kind of....well, dorky, but:urlLink create your own visited states map
ok
Saw it!Great piece of film-making, whatever the negative critiques have been (& there are many a fume-age smoldering).I came out of the theatre fuming myself.About g.dubbya, that is.bleeee.I cannot believe this is the president of our country.And I will be completely bewildered if that man is re-elected--said the wildly strong, yet sensible democratic gurl.period.
from our all-family all-weekend vacation in Harrison Hot Springs, B.C..Very lovely.Very fun to have my brother, step-bro & his wife, the folks, kids and M all together vacationing at this spa-like resort in fabulously beautiful Canada!Warm.Very warm.Sunburnt shoulders (ONLY M and myself, NOT the kids.Lack of sunscreening, neglecting us adults).Lots of swimming.Lots of water.Lots of varying temperatured pools.Lots of little walks/hikes.M and Craig (my bro) went jetskiing, which I was surprised that that's what they wanted to do.whatever.good food.one massage.not bad.
Well, I started knitting up one sleeve of the gorgeous-looking ' urlLink Gigi ' sweater.Mine will be in lavender w/ black trimmings.Well, itWILLbe someday.I am finding out how utterly terrible I am at knitting in the round on double-pointed needles.Yish.I fear this project will go in my ever growingvery-flawed-pile-o-knittingpieces.Oh how I do love the Parisian flavor of this sweater.I am definitely going through some sort of French-loving-everything stage.It must be the largish French bits and pieces of my mutt-mixed nationalities coming through.Au revoir!
You're an Etch-a-Sketch!!You're the creative, artsy type who doesn't need to actually utilize a single muscle group in order to have fun. Doesn't matter though, you're still cool.urlLink What childhood toy from the 80s are you?brought to you byurlLink Quizilla
It was a bit of an odd day.Not odd in a bad way.But odd in the way that my two tots were whisked away on brief notice by their grandfolks to the ocean for 3 days, I had a few hours to myself,thenM and I had a very legitimate datenight, one in which we didn't feel the urgent need to rush home to the kids out of guilt and what not.It feels so odd to not have my kids around, BUT quite a nice break (shhh...don't tell anyone!!!) all the same.Our date-night was to include a darn good meal and a play, but with limited time, we honed in on a rushed, semi-crappy meal (hey, I'm just happy to have been out!REALLY!) and then to M's sister Katie's current play she's acting in, John Steinbeck'surlLink 'Travels with Charlie' .K did a splendidly smashing job in her multi-character role(s)!The play was wonderful, although I heard the Seattle Weekly gave it mediocre reviews.Here's aurlLink good review .I was getting a bit sleepy near the end of the second act, but was wide awake to greet & talk with K after the play.Now I get a whole day to myself tomorrow!Wow!What to do first?That is, AFTER I go pill my mom's aging, arthritic cat tomorrow morning.If only M removes the 1960's original pink toilet from the downstairs bathroom, I will be able to finally texturize and then paint & paper the walls in there.Yay!He finally finished the counter (new laminate) and put the sink back in/new faucet's on.The new john is sitting in the garage and my smoky metallic tiles are waiting to be affixed...and well...wah-la...wecouldpossibly have a freshly mini-renovated bathroom by the time the kidlets return!It's going to look so drastically different.Cool.
Well, since I was hoping this would be thee place to blab and blog about my knitting quests, adventures, and mostly mishaps, I FINALLY got around to taking some pictures of some of my knitted items, this habit starting for me back in October 2003, with a brief attempt about a year prior that ended with just a bunch of little squares all over the joint. Missing from photo session are countless scarves, some bags/purses, the SNB poncho, a few hats, 3 started sweaters, many works-in-progress & miscellanea. These are ordered as chronologically as my pea-small brain could recall (that's what I get for NOT taking photos &amp; notes at the time of knitting. blah!Here we go:Scarves. Didn't everyone start with scarves? There were tons and tons (most of them were given away as presents, so no photos), but here's just a sample:one 2-toned, purple 'hairy' (scary) scarf. the middle one came actually much later, a sort of weird attempt at felting wool, with 'fur' inbetween. interesting, to say the most. on the right we have a stripey shagster. after the countless scarves, came the first hat. kinda ugly with ultra cheap acrylic yarn (2 strands held together, sewn up in back). my most expensive scarf to date, at approx. $30 for both the yarns. not much compared to the $100-a-pop scarves my mother's neighbor makes, but way pricey to me. forjusta scarf! this one sparkles and glitters with glam.first attempt at a something other than scarves and hats....'tank girl'in black from the 'Stitch N' Bitch' book. the pattern rawks. my tank top sucks. my first poke at seaming something big, so I went overboard, with horridly stiff results, etc. this now sits on the back of my crafting chair....a sort of failed chair cover, too.my daughter M in the first summery top I attempted for her. not bad. not great. but wearable. and FAST! a pattern passed onto me by my good gal-pal urlLinkC(I seem to be knitting everything this grrl knits, as she's an utter inspiration!). the second sweater from same pattern a few days later (this was about march/april), this one modified to be more of a fall sweater, with longer sleeves & a raggy-wool-chenilley-like yarn. I like this version much better.second felted bag, circa march.from 'SNB' book, this tank I worked on from about march to may (on and off), definately a hate-hate relationship, supposed to be this grand b-day present gesture for my mama that turned to utter hell. the most ill-fitting garment i hope i'll ever knit (and never worse!). needless to say, i made her another tank (different pattern from 'yarn girl's guide') that turned out a shade bit better. at least it was givable as a 'i-made-this-for-you-so-you-can-just-keep-it-in-your-dresser' type of knittable. i need years and years, at least, of practice to be a much better knitter. hmmmm. quite a disaster, this. don't laugh. these are my own designed scarves that i keep contemplating on trying to sell. one is beaded. one is mohair with an abstract stripey pattern. everything is hard to see on these tiny photos. much more interesting in reality. honest. two more of my own creations....baby scarves in definite color. unfortunately, you cannot see the patterns in the knits here. a pile-o my designed beaded, felted flowers, which are eventually intended to end up on my totwhimsy website. someday. i have so many plans, with so little gumption. another beaded, felted &amp; dyed flower brooch design, which may or may not end up in the scrap heap that's a mile high already. tedious little things. some yarns i've dyed with kool-aid. some better than others. the dying truly inspired by my dear friend, urlLinkH , whom is an amazingly gifted knitter and all-around-creative type, to say the very least! She inspires me in all facets of life. truly! I heart H!some of my cap designs, knitted in soft cottony fibers, knit flowers to be added later (hopefully), for the adult set. this is a urlLinkchicknitspattern...one of their bucket hats. it's prefelted in this pix, and is huge-o-mongeous! i knit this months ago and it still waits to be felted.another top i'll never wear in public. it turned out okay. i screwed up the length in the shoulders, which made the end result in the sleeves too poofy, PLUS I ran out of 3 of the colors of yarns, even though I bought as much as the pattern called for (can you see where I improvised? yikes.). it sucked! it actually fits vintage-y, but i would never wear these fruity colors....this was more of a 'I-can-do-that-and-I'll-prove-it-to-ya' project. It's from the 'Vintage Knits' book. lovely patterns. let's hope i'm more sucessful on the other 4 garments i have my eye on and have yarn for (some even in slow-mo progress as I type!), from this delicious book!from another pattern C e'ed me, and in which she made TWO of these cute little tanks. i love this pattern, but next time, i'm making it larger. so quick! knit with debbie bliss cotton cashmere yarn in purple, sage and slatey gray. this took me two nights and it actually looks good on my daughter! yay! finally. just freshly finished a few days ago, another pattern from chicknits. it came out kinda huge....sack-like, as i made the unfitted version, and went up a size as i am usually such a tight knitter. it hangs loose on me, but that's ok. i can wear a tee under it. maybe i can play basketball in it? yeah. only thing is i cannot for the life of me knit in the round and then switch to straight needles and do stockinette stitch and get the two parts to look the same! it kills me! i tried everything from loosing my stitch to tightening....it just looks like two very different stitch patterns, when it's not supposed to. ugh. i still kind of dig it....for my knitting, anyways. maybe because i could actually wear this. this is what is in the works right this second. a very much 'winged' and pieced poncho for M in olivey green with eyelash fringe in a tangier pale green. i hope to post a pix of the finished project someday. i hope this one turns out. i love the way the pattern stitch looks! almost intricate looking, but very simple. Well, that's all folks....for now. until next year...ha.
hey are out there Shouting for me to let them in They are stomping on my roof They are tapping their nails on my window They are running around in my yard Searching for a way inside They scream for me to let them in But I won'tI know they are here to get me They howl in anger at my insolence I had let them in before They beat on my rooftop They tap their nails on my window They pound on my door, demanding in Their lights shine in my window, in flashes as they search for a way in But I stand defiantI tell them "No, go away!" Then... all is quite As quickly as they had come, they are gone They have moved on to the next house down the street However I know they will be back But for now... Peace I&nbsp;then drift asleep to the steady pitter-patter&nbsp; of the storm that has passed...&nbsp; &nbsp; this is a poem I wrote while I was by myself in the middle of a thunderstorm with high winds and lots of rain.&nbsp; It was suppose to mean that there was something outside in the storm trying to&nbsp;get in, but&nbsp;I have realized it&nbsp;can be interpretted many ways.&nbsp; The day after I wrote this someone broke into our house. 
Your Future Wife byurlLinkadorkableName Fav music video WifeHilary DuffNumber of kids97Divorce?You surpringly made it last. Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen!
Who is Your Lord of the Rings Wife? byurlLinkE-chanName/Username Age Favorite Color? Wife?ShelobIs she Good or Evil?GoodHow long will it last? (in years)55Will you leave her?You're considering Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen!
At your ten year high school reunion...&nbsp;byurlLinkrobbiewriterYour school name Your name Your job will beWriterYou will be worth$662,256Everyone will think yousmell like you did in PE Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen!
Your Superhero Persona&nbsp;byurlLinkcouplandesqueYour Name Superhero NameMullet ManSuper PowerX-Ray VisionEnemyTrailer Trash TomMode Of TransportationGiant Hamster Named SkippyWeaponVinyl Records Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen!
Who were you in a past life?&nbsp;byurlLinkKat007Name: Birthdate: Favorite Color: Country: You were most probably:A samurai warriorIf not then you were:Leonardo da Vinci Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen!
Your Homicidal Rampage! byurlLinkcrash_and_burnYour name: Weapon of Choice:Coke bottlesYour Favorite Target:EuropeansYour Kill Count:1,361,204,523Your Battle Cry:"Moo!"Years You Spend in Jail:33How Much Money In Damages You Cause:$253,519,122,815,623Your Homocidal Insanity Level:: 5% Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen!
Who will you be stuck with at end of time? byurlLinkchi_a_baidhYour name is Your sex isMale Female Undecided Your favorite color isRed Orange Yellow Green Blue Purple Black White Other You are stuck there becauseyou murdered everyone elseFor _____&nbsp; years7With urlLinkJohnny Depp. Click for pic. He/She will think you aresexyYou willmake a coconut radio Created with the ORIGINALurlLinkMemeGen!
ey guys, I went and saw the Terminal today.That is an Awesome movie that everyone should go see... much better than that rip off Spider man II.I was the only kid in the theatre though, there were a bunch of senior citizens watching the movie with me.I think they saw the title "The Terminal" and thought of something else....
ey this is Ben and I just wanted to make a top ten list of the sexiest politicians Sexiest Politicians: #1. Bill Clinton #2. Al Sharpton #3. Howard Dean #4. Wes Clarke #5. Donald Rumsfeld #6. Colin Powell #7. Condaleeza Rice #8. President Bush Sr. #9. Arnold Swartzenaggar #10. Gary Coleman (thanks for trying little guy)Other than that I have nothing to post on really... OH wait! you could check out my profile because I just jazzed it up (hyperlinks and everything baby!) so look at it... its good.Guud!Oh yeah the music awards were on the other night.Outkast was great.They got up there and said "I'd like to thank my family, God, and the Waffle House." and I was like "DUDE!".It was funny.And then Rick James got up there and when he walked up stage he didn't see a camera guy following him and he walked up to this random lady and said "I'm Rick James Bitch!" and walked away.It was hilarious!Anyway thats all I got.TTFNTa Ta for Now Benton English
owdy, this is Ben signing in once again.I'm just getting over a cold now and I'm feeling pretty good but other than that life has really changed.I just moved in from Sioux Falls, South Dakota and its been quite a bit of a move.I remember the 23 hour car drive in a Jeep to get here.It rocked.Hah, my mom was falling asleep at the wheel and she had a really bad headache during the last leg of it and she was smacking the steering wheel chanting "wake up... wake... up..." and constantly putting ice on her forehead.Then we ran out of that so she put coke water on her face instead and she was all sticky by the time we got there.It was really funny.Then we stayed at the nightmare suites over by the mall (holiday inn).We were there for a week and it was really bad.The bathtubes were bright red, the walls and ceilings were spiky and the maid left us used tissues in our bedsheets... tasty.But things IMMEDIATLY improved once we moved into our house... NOT!The people that lived in that house only vacuumed once, the night before we moved in.The place was DISGUISTING!THERE WAS CAT POOPOO ALL OVER!On the sidewalk, it coated the back porch, and there was even on large piece of Kah Kah in the center of the living room floor.Also there were yellow stains on the walls and carpets (someone or somepeople obviously had night time problems).We did the best we could but we didn't trust the carpets so we bought water floaties to sleep on until the furniture arrived.The also had a pool so we could use the floaties later.OH YEAH, the pool.Okay that was just as nasty as the house.It looked like the pool off of the movie "Big Fish" and there where little black things all over the walls.We found out later that was fungus that had to be scrubbed off.We had the carpets cleaned 2 days later and some guys came in and replaced the carpets that were beyond help (all the bedrooms).Then we painted the walls and stuck putty in the little tiny drill holes in the walls (there were even fist size indentations...).When the furniture arrived, yeah we fixed the house up in 4 days, we upacked furriously for a week and now we're settled in.There are still some problems, like the fleas that live in the carpet that we had to get sprayed and everyonce in a while you'll be watching TV in the dark and you'll see a little shape dart across your floor but other than that its HOME SWEET HOME!And the neighbors here are pretty nice.Across the street is the black family (thats their last name btw) and they have kids my age.There is a boy who is 20 and owns a Jeep Wrangler :^) and his brother is 15, just like me.Heh there is even a senior girl there named Katie.Its my perfect family.Also Tony and his family live next door.I'd tell you their last name but I can't spell it, there from Pakistan, and his sons Humza, Hurru, and Oonaz are all younger than me but we play basketball so it is cool.Oh yeah, and the Mcfatters live next door to us, their running for govenor!Hah, they just sound like... like a Mcdonalds value meal... But anyway, the neighborhood seems good and the house turned out better than expected.Nice and big and the pool came together really well.I just can't wait for school to start, I'm gonna be a junior at Mosley this year ya know, and as soon as that starts up I'll meet some people for sure.But anyway thats all I got for now, I'm running out of steam, and I'll just wrap it up.If you are in the Lynn Haven area contact me somehow and we'll hook up.This is Ben English signing out... and that is how the cookie crumbles...
***I just wanted to say, in my last post, my comments about Curtis are PURELY friendship flavored. So sit back and relax.****
ain Entry: vin·di·cateurlLinkPronunciation: 'vin-d&-"kAtFunction: transitive verbInflected Form(s): -cat·ed; -cat·ingEtymology: Latin vindicatus, past participle of vindicare to lay claim to, avenge, from vindic-, vindex claimant, avenger1 obsolete : to set free :urlLink DELIVER 2 :urlLink AVENGE 3 a : to free from allegation or blame b (1) :urlLink CONFIRM ,urlLink SUBSTANTIATE(2) : to provide justification or defense for :urlLink JUSTIFYc : to protect from attack or encroachment :urlLink DEFEND 4 : to maintain a right tosynonym seeurlLink EXCULPATE ,urlLink MAINTAIN - vin·di·ca·torurlLink/-"kA-t&r/ nounI'm in an unbelievably good mood. I'm so happy, yet I have no reason to be. Everything in my life is falling down and I'm just sitting here, watching it fall, and smiling, because I'm numb. Whatever. Saturday we're supposedly going to CR.That should be exciting, hopefully I get to hang out with Curtis but I highly doubt that. The percentage is probably sitting at about .4 "I wonder where you are, please don't come around tonight 'cuz I can't stand to see you and I don't want to fight. Give me one more drink and I swear I think I'll be ready to make the same mistakes again, with you. I finally figured out that you're not coming back, I'm not going anywhere." -Effing AWESOME band. I found it whilest searching for a song that wasn't by them..but was by Dashboard Confessional. Everything is so good. Everything is so happy..being happy is so much easier then being sad. I love it. It's good. You're all such sweethearts :-P lol"I want to be what you've always needed. I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold, I don't want my love to go to waste. I want you and your beautiful soul"Yeah. I'm thinking about burning a CD. Cd's are good. Curtis is also good. I'd like to let everyone know that. Especially you mr curtis, you have the ability to make everything seem okay again. And when I'm really really bitchy, and you're saying nice things..and I say Whatever, whatever. And you think I'm not listening, and you think you're not helping. You are, im not even really..that upset anymore. I just..am too stuborn to admit it. And if I really hated you as much as I said I did all those times, I would have left.I've concluded numerous amounts of things in the past couple days. My writing has gone downhill a horrible amount. I need to start writing again.I also concluded that everything in the world doesn't need to be a contest, but with me, it is. Which is sad, and needs to change.So yes.On a lighter note; (Ohh...it's a pun)I lost 7 pounds. Because I'm cool. You guys all said, "Your diet wont work." Well it worked. You lose. :) I definitely win. That is all.
hosphorescence 1 : luminescence that is caused by the absorption of radiation at one wavelengthfollowed by delayed reradiation at a different wavelength and that continues fora noticeable time after the incident radiation stops -- compare FLUORESCENCE 2 : an enduring luminescence without sensible heat Last night..Brandon and Christian came over and we watched a movie..then...We swam in the ocean..the ocean full of stars.....The boys came :) The boys are nice. The boys make me laugh with their theme song music and their duets. They're either really, really good at being players, and really badly need to get laid, or they're really,reallynice guys.But either way is fine..because if they're nice guys...good, we got ourselves some more decent friends. And otherwise is just what I assumed the whole time. I decided we need a car. Cars are good, so are trucks. They make me smile. It's good to be able to say, "Hey, let's go to the beach." at 2 in the morning and then make it happen. Or be cravin McDonalds Apple Juice. **I thank you guys for that, SO MUCH by the way**I hope you guys had a safe trip home..not smoking weed, talking on the cell phone, and taking turns holding the steering wheel.I loved swimming in thee ocean. It was really warm. I reallywanted the boys to come swim with us. But they would not swim. Sad, sad stuff. I hope those boys care as much as they seemed to, and I really hope they come back..er..yeah. The Hornby Trip was grreat. I had so much fun. And there were no boys or alchohol involved. Proud? That's what I thought.Stephy and I ruined our "Liquor-priviledge" on the first day because the parents did not make it clear how much of the drink we were allowed to sample. Silly parents. While at hornby..we..ate a lot of popsicles, drank a lot of 'bottled beverages' and washed our faces A LOT. We got really tanned. I love being tanned.Curtis is dissapointed in me because I'm stupid. That makes my heart cry. It also makes my heart feel really..really sorry.
Main Entry: 1lusturlLinkPronunciation: 'l&stFunction: nounEtymology: Middle English, from Old English; akin to Old High German lust pleasure and perhaps to Latin lascivus wanton1 obsolete a :urlLink PLEASURE ,urlLink DELIGHTb : personal inclination :urlLink WISH 2 : usually intense or unbridled sexual desire :urlLink LASCIVIOUSNESS 3 a : an intense longing :urlLink CRAVINGb :urlLink ENTHUSIASM ,urlLink EAGERNESS At this point, all I want is to be with him...I'd just like to let you all know that. So that when I'm not really talking, and I'm sitting there, and saying "K" and "haha" and "Mhm.." It's not because I'm a bitch, and it's not because I'm busy. It's because I'm sitting there, and thinking wow, and I so badly want to say ( in some cases type) more, and have a conversation with you but it's like I don't have the energy. I don't see the point. If I have a big conversation with you it's not going to change the fact that all I can think about is how bad I want to be..Yup. It has a lot to do with the fact that I'm EXTREMELY stuborn as well so when I start being a bitch and ignoring you and you say i'm being a bitch and ignoring you and I deny it, I cant go back and say sorry, cuz I'm a bitch.... Anyways. Yes. So I'd like to appologize to all of you who've called me/talked to me on msn and I've been a stupid annoying stinker. :) That is all. I've now completely vented and I'm readddy to talk fully to you in full..converstaion mode.
I'm sort of done breaking down. Now I'm just crying. Crying because of reasons. Do you ever have one of those nights where all you want is to sleep on the floor? This is my floor sleeping night. I've decided maybe I should stop telling everyone else they've changed and focus on the fact that I've changed...But maybe I haven't..maybe i'm just..I don't know. I'm so sorry to all of you, especially Shayne, for being so stupid and so immature and so hypocritical. I've become everything that I hate and I've treated you all like you're less than I am...I hate this whole week, and this whole day, and this whole hour and minute and second and everything I am now. I miss Ryan more than anyone could ever EVER imagine and I need him to come back now... I also miss Cody. Maybe I just miss having someone to talk to that doesn't fuck me over and we can have a long 6 hour phone conversation without being assholes to eachother. Ugh. I'm done. 
Main Entry: ass·holeurlLinkPronunciation: 'as-"(h)OlFunction: noun1 usually vulgar :urlLink ANUS 2 a usually vulgar : a stupid, incompetent, or detestable person b usually vulgar : a despicable place -- usually used in the phrase asshole of the universeThis is going to be a short one. Why? Because I don't even care. This is definitely one of those days.One of those days where I'm completely done and then I piss someone off, and then I feel so bad for pissing him..er..that person off that I completely break down because I'm too stupid and stuborn to say sorry even though I know I'm wrong and then it ends up ruining our friendship. Or lack of. Anyways. Yes. Completely done. Everything is falling down, once again. But I'm sure I'll be okay tomorrow. Yes...tomorrow. Although...the quote "Smile, tomorrow will be worse." is probably going to come true. Anyways yeah...I'm stupid..and i'm a bitch. And it appears i have begun to care about someone who I shouldn't. Becuase you know, there's definitly rules. Whatever. That's all. I only wrote this becuase I said I would write every day.Buhbye. 
ain Entry: pro·mis·cu·ous urlLink Pronunciation: pr&-'mis-ky&amp;-w&sFunction: adjectiveEtymology: Latin promiscuus, from pro- forth + miscEre to mix -- more at urlLinkPRO- , urlLinkMIX 1 : composed of all sorts of persons or things2 : not restricted to one class, sort, or person : urlLinkINDISCRIMINATE Norman Cousins>3 : not restricted to one sexual partner4 : urlLinkCASUAL , urlLinkIRREGULAR - pro·mis·cu·ous·ly adverb- pro·mis·cu·ous·ness nounThe quote of the day will now be followed by a ...thought of the day.:) Thought= "Oh I wish I had a penis to stroke like Curtis does" Everyone is such a downer. I mean, come on. Perk yourselves up, it's summer! There is absolutlynothingthat I hate more than when peoples names on msn are ":'( I'm so sad." "Oh, I'm going to kill myself" and then you say "How are you? " or, "What's wrong?" and people respond with "I'm depressed, I'm sad. Blah-de-blah-blah" and then you say "Aww..what happened?" or "Why?" and they say "I don't want to talk about it." If you don't want to talk about it, keep it to yourself you stupid un-educated fools. If you have no intention on telling anyone about your problem, you obviously don't want/need help, therefore, putting it in your name is a pathetic cry for attention. And I'm sick of everyone saying "I'm going to kill myself because my girlfriend/boyfriend broke up with me." Killing yourself has to be the most selfish thing in the world. I mean, yes. Go, shoot yourself in the brain. Or even better, why don't you hang yourself in the bathroom? Yeah. That would be good. Becuase you know, your parents will find you, and just call the cleaning company and get your body removed, and all the blood scrubbed from the tile floor. Sorry, no. Cleaning companies don't do bodies, nor do they do blood. Your parents will be cleaning up your stupid dirty mistakes, all because you were too much of a dumbass to deal with them yourselves.Wow..that's horrible. Forget everything I just said. I usually have so much..compassion. I just needed to get that out. But now I'm done. I love you all, you all mean so much to me. If you need to talk, if you're sad or depressed, TALK. Just dont say you're depressed and not talk. That really drives me closer. Anyways, enough about this. Jonathong came back from England today. YAY FOR JONATHONG. You will now all notice a signifigant decrease in the amount that I talk to you.With the exception of Curtis, (Of course, because he is GO[o]D[e][s][t].)Tonight..I went swimming with Brandon, Stephy and Demetri. It was exciting..Stephy and I formulated a new plan..under the matress in the water. We also talked about Curtis. Swimming was good. I enjoyed it. A girl called us fat..or maybe she didn't call us fat, but she was talking with all her friends, and I heard the word fat. So I assumed it was about me. Because I always assume It's about me. You know..if I was like..400 Pounds. I wonder how I would survive? I also wonder how I'm going to survive when I'm actually in LOVE with a guy and he breaks up with me? Ha that should be great. But enough about that.CURTIS, this paragraph is for you. Do you know why? Because you're the only person who ever reads my blogs AND I can hear you making sounds on microphone right now...sounds that make me smile. Curtis is my friend. Curtis your voice makes me happy. As do you. You're my friend Curtis. You also make my heart smile. I'm way too tired to be typing this. And I hope hope hope that you call me in the middle of the night..oh how I would adore that. But I know you won't, my friend Curtis. So I'm definitly not going to get over excited.I definitly had to emphasize the 'friend' thing. Anyways. Yes...That is all...Too tired to type more. Hope you enjoyed!
You say you do, but I know you don't - you say you will, but I know you won't." "Behind every BITCH, there is a guy who made her that way.""You break my heart into a million pieces and you say it's because I deserve better?""Never ruin a picture.The memories don't change . . .The people in them do.." "I bet you're hard to get over. I bet the moon just wont shine""Somehow 'I told you so' just doesn't quite say it.""You've come to a point where nothin matters anymore and the things you ssed to care about aren't worth Fighting for. But I'm still here and I always will be.." "Someday they'll find your small town world on a big town avenue. Lie to me and try to say you never will. We've fallen in love... it was the best idea i ever had. You remind me of the times when I knew who I was. Write me off... cuz I'd rather starve now if you won't open up. Faded memories torn apart by life's disease again. I think I made it a game to play your game and let myself cry. This time I'm not going to watch myself die" I hate the way you talk to me, and the way you cut your hair. I hate the way you drive my car, I hate it when you stare. I hate your big dumb combat boots and the way you read my mind. I hate you so much it makes me sick,it even makes me rhyme. I hate the way you’re always right, I hate it when you lie. I hate it when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry.I hate it when you’re not around, and the fact that you didn’t call. But mostly I hate the way I don’t hate you, not even close…not even a little bit…not even at all.I don't care anymore if I let you down I believe that I need to be free I'm so used to my life with you around I don't know anymore . . . . the real me And I thought that I found myself todayAnd I thought that I had control All the change in my life just fell away For a moment I didn't need you All these tears that I've cried You must be tired of taking care of me but Its what you do best and I'm a liar cause really its what I need Someone like you Someone like me Maybe its change that set you free Free . . . I would have done anything for you, I would have died for you, I loved you with all my heart, I looked past all your flaws, I made you my life, And now I have to let you go.[.its.nice.to.know.that.you.were.there.][.thanks.for.acting.like.you.cared.][.and.makin.me.feel.like.i.was.the.only.one.][.its.nice.to.know.we.had.it.all.][.thanks.for.watchin.as.i.fall.][.and.letting.me.know.we.were.done.] "You Could Slit My Throat And With My One Last Gasping Breath I’d Apologize For Bleeding On Your Shirt"
ain Entry: in·sa·tia·bleurlLinkPronunciation: (")in-'sA-sh&-b&amp;lFunction: adjective Etymology: Middle English insaciable, from Middle French, from Latin insatiabilis, from in- + satiare to satisfy -- more aturlLink SATIATE : incapable of being satisfied :urlLink QUENCHLESSIndeed that is the word. The word of the day. Everyone is beginning to drive me closer to the edge. Curtis keeps insisting on calling me in the middle of the morning.Good times. Not in the mood to type, so I won't. That is all. Good day. 
Main Entry: re·qui·emurlLinkPronunciation: 're-kwE-&m also 'rA- or 'rE-Function: noun Etymology: Middle English, from Latin (first word of the introit of the requiem mass), accusative of requies rest, from re- + quies quiet, rest -- more aturlLink WHILE1 : a mass for the dead2 a : a solemn chant (as a dirge) for the repose of the dead b : something that resembles such a solemn chant 3 a : a musical setting of the mass for the dead b : a musical composition in honor of the dead
"NO"Main Entry: 3nourlLinkPronunciation: 'nOFunction: nounInflected Form(s): plural noes or nosurlLink/'nOz/1 : an act or instance of refusing or denying by the use of the word .It's so simple, and it's probably one of the first words all of you learnt; along with yes, it is taught at a very early age. Yet some of you, still don't seem to comprehend the meaning of the word. When you ask to see my boobs, and I respond with 'no', that is your cue to piss off and stop asking. Curtis, I'm sorry, but that's a very VERY 'soft spot' and you need to stop..please. If you find humor in it, find humor in it outside of the time you're talking to me, please. I 'love you as a friend' buddy. Please stop being angered. I'm sorry for saying a bad word to you. I take back the evil.I'mso sorry . Anyways. Yes. Curtis is my new 'boyfriend' ;) He makes my heart skip a beat. Ohhh yes...hahaha"It's down to this, I've got to make this life make sense. I missed the life, I miss the colors of the world. Now again I found myself, so far down, away from the sun that shines. Into the darkest place, I'm so far down, away from the sun again." Tonight...I'm hanging out with Brandon and Stephy.We weregoingto go to the movies. I have no money, however, so we're going to do something free. Something free like....Standing on the side of the road..watching cars go by. Or maybe.. walking aimlesly around town. Or maybe even eating grass? Realistically though, we're probably just going to go to Stephy's house and watch movies.Onto another note. I'm very proud of Stephy and I.We're doing very good with the whole 'friendship' thing.Everything is slowly, ( very very slowly ), coming back together. Everything is falling into place and I can't help but be happy!I had to wake up at 8 today..and then I went for a walk after my mom left for work and I was back at home by 8:30. At 8:30 I went back to sleep and I ended up sleeping until 2:00. I feel so ...'yick' I'm happy Stephy called me because I would have slept forever.That is all for now my friends;
Etymology: Middle English, from Greek, from neuter of tetragrammatos having four letters, from tetra- + grammat-, gramma letter --Also, another definition, as Brandon asked me to include it . Two today, lucky you;Main Entry: 2respectFunction: transitive verb1 a : to consider worthy of high regard :urlLink ESTEEMb : to refrain from interfering with2 : to have reference to :urlLink CONCERN synonym seeurlLink REGARD - re·spect·er noun Right...Anyways..I don't know why it insists on making this entire post a link, but whatever floats its boat. Right now..I am...listening to Curtis and his brother..and his two little children that he's 'babysitting' on microphone. Fantastically exciting. I'm bored. Dylan isn't coming tomorrow. But that's okay. Why is it okay? Because Curtis is DEFINITELY GO[o]D[e][r]. Yeah, you see that, that's a pun. Curtis is worthy of a pun. GO[o]D[e][r] Than anyone else. Curtis, you rock my world. Almost as much as Ac/Dc Rocks my world. Onto another note. Birdy, you are my buddy:) Brandon and I have ...repaired our damages and we are now 'like new' like a new and improved bandwagon full of friendship!!! OHHH YAAAAAAY.. THAT IS ALL FOR NOW MY LOVELY PEOPLE!
I have decided to put a word, and a definition at the beginning of each new post...for the benefit of all of you. You can learn some new words; Sabbat. Etymology: French, literally, sabbath, from Latin sabbatum: a midnight assembly of diabolists (as witches and sorcerers) held especially in medieval and Renaissance times to renew allegiance to the devil through mystic rites and orgies. Now. Firstly, I would like to express my..emotions towards Brandon. Our friendship is currently on hiatus.Main Entry: hi·a·tusurlLinkPronunciation: hI-'A-t&sFunction: nounEtymology: Latin, from hiare to yawn -- more aturlLink YAWN 1 a : a break in or as if in a material object :urlLink GAP Colton> b : a gap or passage in an anatomical part or organ2 a : an interruption in time or continuity :urlLink BREAKb : the occurrence of two vowel sounds without pause or intervening consonantal sound .That is for you, my un-educated friends.Brandon, is a boy. Brandon is a boy who says I'm annoying. And that, is totally and completely understood.HOWEVER,I do not appreciate him saying "I don't like how you are. I wish you were different" and not having any suggestions as to how I could improve myself. Because you know, my main goal in life is making Brandon happy. I will beGod's second hand man.- Curtass I miss Jonathong. I also miss Spencer. One of you better come home soon...Also..I'm sick of everyone thinking Stephy and I are whores. Although it's not so much thinking we're whores..as it is that 'whore' is the only word that their uneducated minds could come up with to describe the fact that we aren't the same.Whore:1 : a woman who engages in sexual acts for money : PROSTITUTE; also : a promiscuous or immoral woman 2 : a male who engages in sexual acts for money : avenal or unscrupulous personPeople really shouldn't be so judgmental, and if they are to judge us they should really know the definition of the words they are using. I wasn't aware that I engaged in sexual acts for money, nor was I aware that I wasn't a virgin.I'm sick of everyone assuming things about me, and Stephanie, and more so our friendship. I am not a bad influence on her, nor is she one on me. In truth, none of you even take the time to get to know us. Why cant you even try to get to know us? Is it that difficult for you? You hate us because we are different. Would you like it better if we changed the way we are and were the same as all of you? Everyone always has a problem with the way we are, because we are different, they refuse to let us in on what they would like us to be, if you don't like the way we are maybe you should make yourself damn clear on how you want us to be, before you start trying to mold us, you stupid ignorant bastards. You all completely contradict yourselves, always. Every one of you always put in your stupid profiles that you "respect individuals, and people who strive to be different," Bullshit you do. /You say that becuase it's a fad. Same with your whole "I am bi-sexual" Bullshit you are. You tell us you are in an attempt to be accepted and 'popular' but that's a whole other story isn't it? Stop trying to change who we are. This is us. If you don't like it maybe you should go and find some new friends. I don't need any of you to tell me how to be, I am happy being who I am. I do not need any of you; maybe you should all re-think your opinions and your judgmental views. Stop looking to other to please you, and relying on other to make your life okay and complete. With such high standards, you will never be complete and you will never be okay; I can assure you that one day you will realize that everyone is different. I can assure you that when your life catches up to you, no one will respect you, they will reject you, just like you did us. You will have spent all your Highschool years trying to conform to what you thought was "normal".Highschool is only three years of your life. After Highschool is over, we'll be in University, driving our Porche, because we got out there and expressed our feelings and opinions, instead of conforming. And maybe I'll see you boarding the city transit system, on your way to your trailer trash life. Maybe you should start seeing through your own eyes, instead of everyone else's. In closing, stop being so ignorant, and selfish, because its going to get you nowhere, and really everything you don't like about us, is exactly what you are. You are selfish, and have no regards anyone else. You are opinionated, and more so stupid. We are just as good, if not better than EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU.Thank you.Also, I still love Stephanie:) She isn't hated yet. Curtis..you aren't hated either, as with you dylan..and garrett, you not either. also....hmm..spencer? and bruce. and maybe brian. But the rest of you. burn. burn hardcore.
 am too tired to write..but I decided I would write every day..but I probably won't after the first week..but it's only the second day..Oh I am rambling...Oh well, bare with me. Today was extremely eventful and yet extremely...I don't know. We went to the parade. It was 2000 degrees and I thought I was going to die. My mom left us there becuase she couldn't find us at the park and got sick of looking..so Stephy and I had to wait outside my cousins car on the side of the road for numerous hours to see if she eventually got around to coming back to her car to give us a ride. Then we went to my Grandparents...We fell asleep for like an hour. Damnit. We broke the beautiful cycle of no sleep. It's o kay though, I don't blame myself. Anyone would have slept at the Grandparents house. It's just so damn comfy. Tonight..we went to the fireworks. It was interesting but wet and tooo many people. Being around large groups of people is not my friend. The Gramma promised me waffles for breakfast. Does she know how long I've been craving waffles? :D Ohh...waffles. I must go to bed now so the waffles will come sooner. LoL *~Night-Night to Myself~* 
Last night..was..in one word...' Interesting.' First off, the beautiful sex talk with the beautiful parents of us. Parents who have, since the sex talk, decided to let us hornby it up by ourselves. Secondly, we got over the hump. Celebrate it. Stephanie peed her pants and threw up several times, while I puked in the beautiful blue ikea garbage can. We had a fight, actually..we had numerous fights. None of which are remembered by me now. We talked to Caleb all night..made plans for our photo shoot. Took some of our own photos. Hence the title. Elegantly...naked..photos... Masterpieces. Stayed up all night. Babysat...although..were too..'intoxicated' to watch the kid, heard it yell though..stuck a bottle in her mouth. I love that baby:) Finished with the night time..ate breakfast (china food) Also..talked to Curtis last night for a good and long time. Fantastically interesting stuff. Danced for people on webcam. Extremely exciting. Can't breathe. Forgot to take my pill again. Can't swallow..but maybe that's just our 'dry mouth' syndrome. Day..interesting...Night..more so. Going to the parade in a few hours. Should be interesting. Going to the fireworks tonight, should be..firey. That is all. Good day to all of you people who are bored enough to read this profile, I feel bad for you, truly truly sorry and truly truly disgraced.
I haven't updated this in a few days.Mostly because I've had nothing of real importance to add.I worked Friday and Saturday nights, thus eliminating any semblance of a weekend, although I did spend part of Saturday at Joe's watching the Mets/Yankees game (we must be good luck together, as they won.Every game we go to at Shea together they also win.Good things happen when me and Joe are together, I suppose).Sunday I did nothing.That I can blame solely on me choosing to be a lazy bastard.Monday I went to the Phillies game with my friend Jeff.It was my first trip to the new ballpark, but I still had the sense that I've been there before.See, people criticised the multi-purpose stadiums like Riverfront Stadium, Veterans Stadium, and Three Rivers Stadium in the 70's."They're cookie-cutter stadiums," people would protest.And they were right.They were built so teams could play football and baseball in the same stadium, yet were enjoyable to neither group of fans.Now the new thing is building the seperate stadiums.Football stadiums seem to all be the same.I don't think there is any difference between them whatsoever other than the name brand on the front of the stadium and the colour of the seats.Possibly the cuisine too, depending on geography.The baseball stadiums are a little better, but they still all have a similar formula.Improved sightlines and "cozier" atmosphere - Check. Super huge scoreboard - Check.Barbeque stand run by former major leaguer - Check.Major restaurant chain in left field - Check.Expanded clubhouse shop full of gimmicks for the team to sell - Check Some sort of "History of the Franchise" exhibit that the old stadium couldn't be bothered with - Check.Camden Yards started this trend, so it gets props for originality.And sure, most other fields have their own little quirks to them to make them different.But really, there isn't a huge difference between the Cit, PNC, Camden Yards, etc.Of course, those are the only three I've been to, so I'll just have to assume that the rest are like this.If I'm wrong, feel free to leave feedback for me.I have yet to receive one piece of feedback, so I have no evidence whatsoever that people are reading these.So if you're reading this, and even if I'm right on my theory that all new stadiums are the same, just let me know somebody is reading this.I am a pathetic soul, I am aware.Anyway, what's on tap for this week?Tomorrow is a "WCW" day.That stands for West Coast Wednesday.The name came because I used to go to my friend Jeff's house late at night for PS2 playing sessions, often arriving there at around 11 PM.Because they started so late, around the time West Coast baseball games would start, the name "West Coast Wednesdays" was given to the events, whether they took place on Wednesdays or not.Now, even the events that take place at 8 PM on a Thursday (as most of them have been) are called WCW.I suppose another name could be given to them, but at this point, why bother?Thursday is school and the radio show (www.wmcx.com, the link should work this week, last week we had web technical difficulties).Friday I work.Boo.Saturday I'm going to Mets/Yankees at Shea Stadium.If you're there, look for the fella wearing an authentic Ty Wigginton road grey jersey.And Sunday is the 4th of July, where I will be spending at least part of the day at work.Double boo.At some point this week, perhaps Thursday during my seven hour break between class and my radio shift (you read that right, seven hours of time to kill) I'll probably check out the new Spider-Man movie.Perhaps I'll even do a review here or on the radio.And maybe something unexpected will come up.I doubt it.Anyway, that's today's update.Hopefully better ones await.
Yeah, I'm not happy about working at Domino's.Anybody who knows me will not be even 1% shocked by that.I constantly bitch and moan about working at that god-forsaken place.But it's a little different this time.Well, first, I should mention that working in Morrisville continues to suck.I'm still not happy working there.So I've been trying to get back in Robbinsville, now that my issue with working there is no longer there.So I called Sam, whom I once considered to be a good pal (he used to constantly say that we were like brothers, and while I may never have reciprocated that particular feeling, I did like working with the guy and all), and he tells me that he'll call me if they need me to work there.This offended me HORRIBLY.I worked at that fucking store for six years.Most people that worked there work there for three months and quit, usually without notice, if they even last three months.I gave like seven weeks' notice that I'd be leaving, after having been the best god damned employee they ever had.I was the best driver they had.Nobody knew that area better than me, even after not having worked there in four months.I was the best manager they ever had.Every manager they had before me stole money from that place like crazy.Just about every other person that ever ran shift in that store stole money from that place.I never stole a dime.Also, during the year plus that I was manager, I raised sales unlike anybody ever had before.The previous manager, Gene, didn't give a crap about raising sales, just about working his twenty hours a week and getting out of there.I earned every dollar of my salary, working the 55 hours a week I was supposed to for my salary.With a crew that had maybe two good workers besides me, I made that store more profitable than it had ever been.I didn't ask for help, I didn't need help.I did it all basically by myself.I sacrificed my summer so we could raise sales and do good business.Then I ask for a job and I'm told that they'll call me?They seriously should be begging me to go back.I did more for that store than everybody else that has ever worked there combined.No matter what facet of the business you're talking about, I was the best that store ever had and ever will have.They should have called me, I shouldn't have had to call them, but I was unhappy working in Morrisville.And then they say they'll call me?Don't bother, I'm not going back to Robbinsville now.Fuck that.If you don't realise what I bring to the table enough to take my offer when I make it, I have no use for you.Now I have to look for something outside of the pizza industry (which is probably for the best, anyway) because I really don't like working in Morrisville.The whole mentality there stinks, and with me not working full-time, I doubt I can do anything to change it.Plus, I hate working with Don.He's so abrasive when it comes to dealing with employees.The way he sarcastically cuts people down and such just pisses me off.oh well, if you have any ideas as to a job I can pursue that can keep me out of these shitty pizza jobs, feel free to leave them in the comments section.Finally, I got to see Fahrenheit 9/11 the other night.I saw it Friday at 12:01 AM after my radio show went off the air (I stayed on until 11 PM, doing NBA draft coverage all night).I have to say, I enjoyed it.It was a movie targeted towards somebody like me to begin with, since I am quite liberal in my beliefs, and there wasn't a chance in hell that I'd vote for Bush.It is important to note that while watching these films like Fahrenheit 9/11, that Michael Moore has an agenda he is trying to push, in this case to get Bush out of office.As such, you have to take into account that he may fudge a fact here or there to get that agenda across.While it may be an agenda I agree with, at the same time you must consider that this is ultimately a movie that has both the purposes to entertain and teach, but mostly entertain.So if you do watch the film, keep those things in mind.And I'm babbling now, so I will call it a night.I'll probably give this another update on Sunday, as I seem to be falling into a schedule of updating every other day.We'll see how long I can keep it up, but so far it's been cathartic to write these.Until next time...fuck Domino's.
What the hell does that mean?It means that, while I am adding content to the blog today, nothing of note will be said.I'm warning you in advance, you can skip this one.I'm updating out of sheer boredom more than anything else.The last two days have been uneventful.I worked on Tuesday.Still don't like working in Morrisville.I tend to get out later, and plus I worked as a driver on Tuesday under this guy Don.Don used to be the manager when I worked in Robbinsville originally, then left.Then I became manager in Robbinsville years later.Now we're working together again, only I feel as though I'm much better at Don (since I'm younger and have more energy).This cannot possibly make for a good dynamic down the line.We'll see what happens.Today I had off.I spent the day avoiding my dad, who was in a grumpy mood because, according to him, my mom won't let him spend more than $3,000 on a car.My mom contends this is a fabrication.I love my dad, but sometimes he imagines things in his head that simply are not so.Then he spends hour upon hour moping about them.I got out of the house, went window shopping for a while, then inexplicably bought a PC version of Monopoly at Best Buy for $10.Hey, I loved playing Monopoly as a child, and $10 is pretty cheap.I went to Subway today and bought a Grapeade just to see if the world's most attractive sandwich artist still worked there.She does, but she looked younger than I previously remembered, like fifteenish.Oh well, no more random Grapeade purchases there.I also got a haircut.I'm the kind of lazy bastard that gets about four haircuts a year.It's my opinion that I should grow my hair out to a reasonable legnth before going to the trouble of cutting it.Plus, I'm cheap.I then came home and listened to my dad bitch and moan about this and that for a few hours before he went to bed.Then I played some Monopoly (I have no life, remember, my friends never want to do anything) and updated this.Tomorrow should be an interesting day.Well, at least more interesting than today.I have a 2:45 PM appointment with my Senior Seminar professor.In lieu of classes, the class is meeting with her one-on-one.We will be discussing my progress on our big paper, or lack thereof.Actually, I will pretend I'm making progress on said paper and hope she doesn't realise that I'm full of shit.Then at 6 PM that night, that's when the magic happens.The Cox Show will beam out to listeners in the Monmouth and Ocean county areas in New Jersey, and live on the internet at www.wmcx.com.This week, I plan on discussing who I feel should be the new PA announcer for the New Jersey Nets, my usual unusual takes on weather and traffic, somewhat-live NBA draft coverage...and definitely, DEFINITELY more Chingy.After that, I may try to kill three more hours (or just stay on the radio, as nobody comes on after me and I doubt anybody would notice or care that I'm staying on the air) and see a 12:01 showing of Fahrenheit 9/11 at Monmouth Mall.It looks like it will be at least an interesting movie and I look forward to seeing it.I guess I got some mileage out of this after all.I'm starting to get the hang of this and I think I'm starting to like it.Which means I will now not update for like three weeks.But maybe not, so check back again later this week.I have no current weekend plans (I work Friday and Saturday nights, and Sunday I'm off with nothing to do) so we'll see if I get a weekend update (but NOT with fake news, sadly) in there.Until then, you keep it real, holmes.
Yes, my friends, we've got a second update in less than three days.Isn't that amazing?It took a month for me to update the last one I had, and then I never updated it again.The new format helps.I think blocking Chrispy has helped too, because instead of endlessly mocking the sorry son of a bitch, I think of other things to do, like update this.Well, not a lot has happened since the last update.I worked on Sunday.I needed a quick summer job, so I decided to work at a Domino's Pizza in Morrisville, PA.I used to manage a Domino's in Robbinsville, NJ, but I left last winter for a myriad of reasons, one of which was because I took an 18 credit workload this past semester, including a 15 hour a week internship at SportsRadio 610 WIP in Philadelphia.The other reason is kind of personal, maybe I'll go into detail about it one day, but don't get your hopes up on that one.Let's just say it didn't leave me wanting to go back and leave it at that.Anyway, one of my friends who used to run Robbinsville (Gene from the last update) now works in Morrisville and invited me to work there with him, and since I wouldn't have to deal with my Robbinsville problems, I accepted.Now, I'm not so sure I should have.The people there are nice, but I kind of feel like a subsitute teacher when I'm there as opposed to somebody who's in charge.In Robbinsville, I was the man, but in Morrisville, I'm really just a fill-in.I don't know, maybe it will get better.Now for today's rant.I've been reading "The Bad Guys Won," an account of the 1986 New York Mets and the trials and tribulations they had in winning the World Series.A good portion of the book talks about Darryl Strawberry and Dwight Gooden.When I was 10 years old, there were few athletes I admired in the world more than Darryl Strawberry.Gary Carter may have been the only one.I remember feeling just horrible when he signed with the Dodgers in '90.I felt let down by one of my heroes.With Carter, it wasn't the same because he was really coming up on the end of his career by then.Darryl was entering his prime, and he and the Mets had gone through so much together, and it seemed like there should have been more chapters in that story.In retrospect, it may not have been a bad thing that he left, because he ended up self-destructing, which was truly a shame.But, when I think of a lot of my sports heroes from when I was younger...Darryl Strawberry was right there near the top of the list.So was Dwight Gooden.In fact, still to this day, a framed poster of Dwight Gooden from the mid-80's hangs in my room, more because I'm too lazy to take it down than anything.But I remember using my birthday money to buy that when I was a youngster, which meant a lot because when I was 11 or 12, I just didn't have a lot of money.Then Doc started having his troubles with drugs, which is human.I can't fault him for that, I guess.Then I grew older, Doc lost whatever athletic magic he may have once held, and he left the team, throwing a no-hitter for the Yankees in '95. He's had his ups and downs, but he's seemingly been in better shape over the last few years than Darryl.Still, here was another sports hero that turned out to be something less than I hoped.Not all of my sports heroes were baseball players.I remember thinking that when the Nets drafted Derrick Coleman, that he was going to be the saviour of the franchise.DC had so many athletic gifts.If ability alone determined greatness, Derrick Coleman could have been the best power forward of all time.The next year, the Nets drafted Kenny Anderson, forming a 1-2 punch that should have carried them throughout the 90's.Drazen Petrovic was also around to nail down the three's and provide scoring.I even liked Chris Morris.They made the playoffs for the first time under Chuck Daly, then the following year contended with the hated Knicks for the Atlantic Division.Only John Starks cheating and breaking Kenny Anderson's wrist (I still to this day hate him for this) cost them that division.Everything was going to be okay.Then, everything wasn't okay.First, Petro died in the car crash.Then they drafted Yinka Dare.Then Chuck Daly left.Enter Butch Beard.Beard ended up not being able to control Kenny Anderson and Derrick Coleman.DC had such a horrible attitude, he was traded so the Nets could draft Shawn Bradley.Then Kenny Anderson was traded.It was awful, the team just self-destructed.And through the years, DC and Kenny never really found their form from when they first came into the league.DC wound up being one of the worst clubhouse influences of all time.His attitude withered away what could have been amazing game.Same with Kenny Anderson.The point of all of this?All of my athletic heroes wound up sucking and sucking hard.Sometimes it was due to addictions, sometimes it was just because they didn't give a crap, but in the end, none of them were the heroes I thought them to be.And that's the moral to this story.If you're a kid, don't idolise athletes.They are human and infallible just like anybody else.Don't idolise anybody, really.We all have our flaws as humans.Just aspire to be the best person you can be day in and day out.But if you do have to idolise somebody, don't idolise athletes.Just because they have the skill to hit the ball hard, or to sink the impossible three pointer, or to throw a pinpoint pass in traffic to a wide receiver, does not mean they are a good person.Respect their athletic abilities, root for the players on your favourite team as hard as you can, but don't idolise them.Do your best to seperate the person they are on the field from the person they are off of it.They are, just like you, only human.That was long.Next one won't be so long, I promise.
Okay, well...I tried doing a blog and I didn't update it too much.Probably because I've been busy.Okay, that's a blatant lie, I'm just a lazy bastard.But maybe without me having to go through the trouble of designing anything, blogging will be easier.We'll see what happens.So what's been going on?Well, last I left you was the winter.I finished my spring semester at Monmouth strong, pulling in two A's, an A-, and three B+'s, finishing with a 3.6 GPA.I'm just that bad ass.Yes, I am aware that calling yourself a "bad ass" in an internet blog for having a strong GPA probably isn't actually that bad ass.But, I'm just that weird.What else has been going on...well, I'm still single.Don't see that one changing anytime soon.I met a girl I really liked in one of my classes, and for once I didn't hide or anything.I actually went up and talked to her, ate lunch with her once, talked to her outside of class.These all seem like perfectly normal things that people do on a daily basis, but they represent progress for me because I am just terrible in social situations.I don't know why, I just am.It's why I have a small group of friends, and why I've never really had a steady girlfriend.I am as socially inept a motherfucker as you'll ever find.Even among my friends...I have two friends I'd consider really good, close friends (Travis and Joe).I have two other friends who I'm somewhat close to, but feel as though I may be drifting apart from, for whatever reason (Grim and Jeff, neither of whom I see as often as I used to).I have two other "friends" whom I can't stand (Brandon and Chrispy).I have my two online friends whom I've never met (MJD and Ryan).All of my friends seem to be in pairs, that's weird.And I have Gene, my work friend who doesn't have a pair to match up with, whom I don't see that often anymore.That's it.And I suck at meeting new people.Which leads to nights like tonight.Tonight was a Saturday night.I stayed home and watched an SNL repeat with Donald Trump.The reason?Well, Joe's married and has real world responsibilities (he's a school teacher, and this is his busy time of the month).Travis lives an hour away.Jeff is in Indiana for some reason.Grim...well, I really don't hear from Grim too often anymore (other than last weekend).Brandon and Chrispy are perfectly content to never do anything with anybody, and just sit around all night on AOL Instant Messanger while playing stupid online video war simulators.On a tangent...let me just say that those online war simulators make me sick.These guys are sitting around killing people on their little computer screens while people are dying out in Iraq every day.Not just soliders, but innocent civilians whose only violation was living in Iraq.We are in Iraq, fighting a war we have no business fighting, killing innocent civilians and other human beings.For what reason?So stupid ass Bush can get himself reelected.I feel bad for the families who have lost their sons, their daughters, their husbands, their wives, their fathers, their mothers...both Iraqi and American.This shouldn't be happening right now.And meanwhile, people are sitting on their fat asses, eating Cheetos and drinking Pepsi and simulating killing these same people.What the fuck?Anyway, back off the tangent.Brandon and Chrispy don't hang out, ever.So they're out.MJD and Ryan, they live far away.And Gene is also married, although he hangs out with his buddies all the time anyway, but I don't seem to be in that group.So that leaves ol' Cox sitting at home watching TV, using the computer (because there's nothing on TV on Saturday nights because most people are out doing stuff) and wondering where everything went wrong.I asked for a weekend day off a week from work specifically so I could hang out, and I never hang out.That makes no sense.Oh well, that's my frustration for tonight.Maybe with this easy format to submit entries, I'll update this often.Who knows.Oh, and...time for a plug.If you're inMonmouth or Ocean county, New Jersey...on Thursdays from 6-9 PM I am on the X, 88.9 FM, Monmouth University's college radio station.My shows usually range from the "comically awful," to "wow, I think I may have actually made sense for about thirty seconds there."If you don't live in those counties, you can listen live on the internet by going to www.wmcx.com or by clicking on the link over there.That's all for now, take care.I will update again later this week, as needed.
 :(:(:(
I haven't posted an update in ten days!God, I'm lazy.Let's see...My cat is dying. This kind of sucks hard. Little Girl has been a part of my family since I was six or seven years old. She's been with us as long as I can remember. She's over twenty years old, and this is probably to be expected...still, I hate seeing her in pain, but I don't want to see her go. I'll miss petting her, scratching behind her ear when she's looking for affection. I'll even miss when she jumps on my lap when I'm not expecting it and rips up a new pair of shorts I'm wearing. It will be hard adjusting to life without her. I'm not normally a spiritual person, but I hope for her sake that if there is such a thing as an afterlife, that she's well taken care of. If there isn't, then I can only hope to provide her last moments of life on this Earth with as much love and care as I possibly can.Okay, that's our sentimental portion of today's blog update.Now, on to other updates.Still haven't gotten my paper back in Senior Seminar, meaning I'll have only a week to rewrite. This is bad, because my paper is a steaming pile of shit (unless Professor Schmidt happens to be reading this. In that case, it's the greatest paper of all time). Today I handed in a portfolio that was only slightly better. The work inside the portfolio was top notch. My resume is damn sharp, and when I get done with my page update, I'm going to post it on there for one and all to see, because it is a work of art. And I designed it! Me, mister no artistic vision whatsoever, made a damn beautiful resume. Unfortunately, the work around the resume was just kind of haphazardously thrown in there. One out of my three references wasn't asked recently to be a reference (unless Dr. Schmidt is reading this, in that case...every reference was asked and checked and there are no problems to report!). Now coming up we have to do a final presentation of everything we've learned in our years at Monmouth. This should be interesting, because we're supposed to be split up into groups, and I don't know who is in my group, because I missed class today. Note to self...don't miss class during introduction of group members. I'm sure this will resolve itself, because I'm the master of landing on my feet in situations similar to this.My radio show is going well. So far, I haven't been thrown off the air. That's a plus. My Thursday shift has been concentrating more about talking about music of late, because none of my friends listen to this shift, so I make an attempt to actually keep the listeners who tune in. And finally, we got the Sunday situation figured out. I finally ran into the WMCX PD today, and he said he'd make sure I'm on the list this week and in future weeks so I can do my show from the WMCX studios on the campus of Monmouth University. Yay. I really do enjoy doing these shows, it's one of my highlights of the week. Editing my tapes down to only five minutes or so will be tough, but I think I can get some good stuff on there. And please, if you have the ability to listen, go to the link above and listen to my shows Thursday from 12-3 and Sunday from 3-6.Let's see, what else...the Nets ripped my heart out. Fucking Bruce Ratner. 40% of a starting lineup that went to the fucking finals two out of the last three years...gone. Fuck you, Ratner. John Franco sucks. Hang it up, old man. You've got nothing left but your pride, and with every despicable outing you throw, you lose a piece of that too. Wiggy might be traded...that would also ruin my day. Ty Wigginton is my favourite Mets player, and I'm not ashamed to admit it. If he goes to the Pirates, I will not be amused. I think those are my sports beefs this week.Things are also shaping up for my graduation party. The invites have been sent out, and most of the people I'd expect to be there have said that they can make it. Hopefully, I'll hear from a few others as well. This is going to be a good ol' time. I've never had anything thrown in my honour before, mostly because I've never done anything honourable. Graduating college in seven years still doesn't seem very honourable to me, but it should still be an awesome time. The party will be at my aunt and uncle's, so there will be plenty of room to commisserate, play games, some swimming...even for Joe's planned Commencement Ceremony, to take place in my aunt's backyard. I can hardly wait.Maybe the reason I don't update this so much is because I put too much in one update! I'm going to try to make some shorter updates more often. In the meantime, please leave feedback so I know people read this. My cat is crying, so I'm gonna go make sure she's okay. In the meantime, you take care, youngster. 
Of course, by "y'all," I mean "nobody," as in "nobody reads this."Nobody left any feedback for me as far as Saturday night ideas go, so I wound up going to the ROH show by myself.At the risk of sounding like an ROH fanboy (which I am not, though I do enjoy watching some of their product) I really enjoyed the main show.Doug Williams is a fantastic wrestler, and really needs to get his due.His matches, first the four way match with Jay Lethal, John Walters, and Nigel McGuinness, then the Pure Wrestling title match later in the show with Alex Shelley, were both fantastic.I really liked his exchanges with Nigel.Since they both work British style, it looks so much different from the styles that everybody else wrestles that it looks unique and is fun to watch.Certainly it's better than watching everybody work WWE style in that company, not that the style doesn't have its strong points, but when everybody wrestles the same style, it gets kind of boring after a while, not to mention the fact that some people aren't as good working that style as they would be another style.Then you have people like Randy Orton, who would suck no matter what style they work.:) (That was a shout out to my man Jeff, who isn't reading this, because he hasn't read any of these blog items, but he loves Randy Orton for some reason even though he sucks).So that was what I did on Saturday.What else have I done lately?Well, I was supposed to audition for Who Wants to be a Millionaire tomorrow, but they never sent me the paperwork so I'm not going to bother.I'll probably hang out with Jeff at his apartment instead.I bought him an Andy Pettitte action figure in between shows on Saturday at the Toys R Us, so he has that to look forward to.School is fairly easy this week, as all I have is a brief meeting with my professor sometime Thursday afternoon, then I do my show from 12-3 PM EST.Then I go home and I'll be home in time for dinner, which will be nice.I work four days this week, as I'm going broke and need the money.If anybody wants to give me money, feel free.Also my parents and I have been planning my graduation party.They're assuming I'm going to graduate in August (as am I, I would be shocked at this point if I didn't).Just the usual stuff, inviting friends and family, planning out what to eat.As long as I have burgers, my dad's sausage and peppers, my mom's potato salad, some shrimp, and a good dessert, I'll be happy.I'm easy to please, what can I say.Anyway, that's all for now.Look for an update and a slight overhaul to the main Cox's Corner page at www.coxscorner.org soon, perhaps tomorrow.I want to add some things to the layout, perhaps move some things around, make it more interesting.We'll see what happens.
And that doesn't make me a bad person.No, things have been not a lot hectic, just a little hectic.Last week, I had a twelve page paper due for my one summer class.I have no doubt in my mind that it sucked, but I have the option to rewrite it, and I will do so.I was just trying to get it complete instead of putting forth my best possible effort, knowing I'd be given a rewrite option, so I didn't give it the full college try (which you think I would, considering I'm in college and all, but...that's another story).I've had my radio show, which has had its ups and downs.We had Grim in studio two weeks ago, and he added a different dimension that the show didn't have before.We'll see if he makes any other appearances.I'd wager he would, but he didn't make it last week and I've been unable to contact him for this week, so we'll see.By the way, if you read this and want to listen, my timeslot was moved to 12-3 on Thursdays.In addition, I have added a Sunday shift as well from 3-6 PM, if I can get access to the building this week.Last week, I went to do my show and couldn't get into the building.Not having been given instructions on how to get in when the building is closed, I didn't know what to do so I went home.Hopefully, we'll have that issue cleared up for this weekend.Let's see, what else...my 4th of July weekend kinda sucked.I didn't do anything.I've been working some.Work hasn't gotten much better, but I'm kind of learning to deal with it.Other than the paper and the radio show, nothing of importance to note about school.Home life has been weird.My dad has been having issues of late.I hope he isn't drinking again, but I'm not so sure.For some reason, he isn't home tonight.I just got home from work, so I have no idea if he and my mom had a fight or whatever, but he definitely is not home.Before I left for work, he was ragging about this and that.I think he might have started drinking frequently again, but I can't prove it.I really hope I'm wrong.Weekend plans?I'm trying to talk Jeff into going to the Ring of Honor show in Elizabeth, but I'm not sure he's buying that.Grim probably won't go either, so I wouldn't be surprised if I went by myself.Ugh.Going to independent wrestling shows on a Saturday night by yourself = Bad.Going to ROH shows, with ROH fans filling the building pretending matches are Match of the Year candidates when they clearly aren't by yourself = Really bad.Still, I have nothing else to do, and I don't want to spend it at home, and Jeff wants to go to 3PW, and they suck, so ROH is likely what is in store for me.May God have mercy on my soul.That's all for now.Nobody left any feedback for the last blog item, so I'm assuming that I'm writing these all for myself.I can deal with that.That means I can bury more people.But I will ask this in my blog tonight.Can anybody think of a more constructive way for me to spend my Saturday evening, keeping in mind that most of my friends will likely not want to do anything and that no matter what, I'm spending it by myself?If you can and I like the idea, I may just use it and give you credit in the next blog update.But I doubt anybody will respond to this, so...touche.Word out.
Well, my 25th birthday has ended.I'd say I had a fun day.It started at my friend Joe's house, where we got Subway and Coldstone Creamery ice cream (my GOD, is that stuff friggin' awesome), then sat around and played video games.After that, I drove over to my friend Travis', where we went to Friendly's for dinner and had more ice cream.I am a fat, fat man on this day.After which, we watched a few innings of the Mets game, then I left him so he could pack (he's going away on a trip on Sunday), so I went over to my friend Jeff's house, where I dropped off McFarlane figures for him and we watched part of the opening ceremonies of the two week celebration of my birthday, aka the Olympics.I spent most of the day out doing things, which was a nice change of pace from what I normally do, which is nothing.Most of those things were eating, and right now, I am feeling severely overweight.If I was the type to exercise, I would be spending an extra twenty minutes on the treadmill or stationary bike tomorrow, but alas.Instead, I'll be working.It's been nice to be away from work for three days, but I'm broke, so...oh well.I finished school on Thursday, too, making this a great week.I got an A on my portfolio, then stood up and pretended I was part of a group presentation on how to produce a radio commercial.I've never really found myself to be the teaching type, so I kind of stood in the background and made wry observations every now and then.I managed to get an A for Senior Seminar, which leads me to believe that Professor Schmidt was taking this class about as seriously as I was.Thus ends my return to Monmouth, which has to be considered a total success.I started there in Fall of '97, and went there for two years.A D in psychology caused me to lose my academic scholarship, since i needed to maintain a 3.0 GPA (and my GPA topped out at 2.95), so I went to TCNJ.I failed out of there because I was burned out.After a year off and a year at a local community college, I went back to Monmouth, where I wound up with six A's, an A-, four B+'s, and a B-.Not too bad, considering how lousy things had been for me at TCNJ.Now, with the schooling out of the way, comes the hard part:finding a job in the radio industry, and not in the pizza industry.I'm working on that one.Two weeks from my graduation party, and I can't wait.I've never even had so much as a birthday party before, so it's exciting to have something in my honour.It should be a fun time, and another excuse to eat like a slovenly beast of a man.More updates to come, so keep it here, yo.And through August, you can still listen to my radio show at www.wmcx.com on Thursdays from 12-3 and Sundays from 3-6, so please tune in and send me feedback. 
Word.Not a lot to report this week.I got my paper back in Seminar, and I got a 95.I didn't expect that.I think the reason I got a good grade is because my teacher didn't feel like grading rewrites.Seriously.Everybody in the class seemed to get an A or a B on the paper.Oh well, I'm not going to complain.An A is an A.Even if I gave a C effort on it, I'll take the A.Let's see, what else...Little Girl is still wildly missed.It's the weird times where I miss her, like when I'm grabbing a cucumber out of the refridgerator, I almost expect her to come limping by to say hello.It's weird, how I notice the little things.My parents are talking of getting another pet, which is an about face to how they have felt over the years.It used to be that whenever Little Girl left us, we'd have no more pets, but I guess they realise how much they miss having a pet in the house.They are worried, though, that if we get another cat, it will run out into the street.See, Big Guy (our old cat) and Little Girl used to run out into the street a lot.Big Guy got hit by a car and unfortunately died.Little Girl got hit by a car, hid in the woods for two or three weeks, then came back one day limping like crazy with a hunk of skin missing from her leg.While she eventually nursed herself back to health (because she was a tough cat), she never played in the street again.My parents are afraid that if we do get another pet, the only way it will learn not to play in the street is if it gets hurt, and they don't want that to happen.So we'll see.On the social front, nothing new to talk about.I still don't really hear from Grim too often anymore.I'm beginning to think I'm probably not going to see him too much anymore.This Friday is my birthday, and I'm going to spend it hanging with my friend Travis and maybe my friend Joe.Hopefully not too many alcoholic drinks will be consumed.:)Then in just over two weeks,my graduation party will be the end of summer.It's weird.Normally, the end of summer has meant the beginning of school.This year, the end of summer will be the end of school.And I mean, the end.I'm graduating.It's weird, though I am considering grad school.We shall see.And that does it for this update.Please tune in to www.wmcx.com on Thursday from 12-3 PM and Sunday from 3-6 PM for my radio show, and other than that, take care, whomever you are.Even if Tanya is still the only person reading this.:) 
I'm going to ask Blogger if I have the least visited blog in the history of existance.I don't think anybody ever goes here.But I post for you anyway.Even if you don't exist.Maybe you is me.I dunno.Today's update:Little Girl is still wildly missed around the house.She was in her own way such an important part of the house, and I really miss her a lot.It's not the same without her.It's difficult adjusting when something has been a part of your life for almost twenty years, and all of a sudden it's just...gone.And not coming back.Divorce must be ten times worse.I'm never getting divorced.Children leaving the house or dying must be a hundred times worse.I'm never having kids.Then again, sometimes I think those things aren't happening whether I want them to or not...Anyway, other things.The Benson and Zambrano trades are looking like unmigated disasters.Bruce Ratner is still a douchebag.I hope David Stern makes him sell the team back.Work still sucks, but hopefully I only have a few more weeks of working at Domino's.Radio show went well today.Hopefully we can get some guests in there so I can interact with somebody. With me being unable to take phone calls, I think it really takes away from the atmosphere of trying to do a talk radio program.I, Robot was pretty good.Harold and Kumar was pretty mediocre.And I think that will do it.Take care, invisible blog reader. 
Its funny how I put things off up until now.... I wish I had practice the art of saving a long damn time ago.... Here I am now out of school...Back at home ( thankful that I could come back home) with no space... I mean REALLY no space... I have suit cases they are potential firehazards in the furnace room I because all that crap cant fit in my closet or the room at all... I am constantly bumping something&nbsp; and that's to say the least. Space is VERY necessary for the life of a 23 young woman.... How can I be organized in a space fit for a mess. All of this say exclaim why in the hell didnt I do what I KNEW Ishouldand Could have been doing a long damn time ago.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Of course I am now tweeking because I am ready to go--- I cant.&nbsp; I mean I could but It would be in my best interest... Hmmm best interest... I obviously didnt gave a rats a%! about that earlier.....&nbsp;&nbsp; well I can do now is do what I do.... Imean making a decent salary for my age is cool but you wouldn't know by the TAX CUT.... I mean DAYUM can I get a tax BREAK. geez.... You think you are going to be ballin but you really come out smallin. This real life stuff is something I aint ready to get used to! 
ll my life I have had the luxuries of life... this I am&nbsp;now learning at the age of 23.&nbsp; Here I thought some of my other friends and it had great only to know I had it good.... That theory is still up for discussion.&nbsp; During my matriculation at Bennett College, I wondered what was to become of my life..... Never did&nbsp;I expect to be working for the dentist from hell--- in the hole of hell.... I am glad to have moved on to BIGGER and&nbsp;BETTER things like screaming on the man who just cut me off on 267, &nbsp;or maybe honking at the girl picking her nose on 66.... or maybe catching hell for being late after sitting in traffic --only to get here to kiss someone 's &nbsp;ass. Wow!&nbsp; Is this really the real world?&nbsp; Apparently so... and its just getting started... I am trying to act the best interest of my performance rating since it is doomed, since I am late and not cuss the "causcasian persuasion" out.... which you know would be nothing short of a breath of fresh air for me...What would a good negress do???????... Keep it cute&nbsp;I presume.... which is what I will attempt to do..... 
Thief - 1. One who steals; one who commits theft or larceny. See Theft. This is the first of many topics that I will linger the gloomy cloud over today. Everyone knows of or have known a thief that has affected them in some way shape or form. My thief as of today is--- well in order to be clandestine will remain nameless. We will addressTHEMas theTHIEVES. I do not appreciate when people talk down to me as if I just dropped out of Eliott Jr. High school at the age of 12 in grade 6. Dont EVEN try to play me! See thats the thing that blows me about people... they assume that for whatever color that you are, or whatever variable they want to draw their so called "scientific hypothesis-- follwed by their counterfactual,and usually short-sighted conclusion" about what the hell is really going on. This is how people get uckfed in the workplace forreal. DO not underestimate a black women intelligence. She just might kirk the hell on you-- and then dare your ass to say something. See, this brings us to the noun that I am speaking of...THEFT.The thief would have just robbed you of your joy as you sit at you PC and entertain yourself via your CD player with Anthony Hamilton.... Why don't people get the message that I am trying to remain clam on a day when there is a continual fire and anti- terror alarm going off that is nearly sends my ass into cardiac arrest. Hence, this blog.... My joy is already being tampered with by things that I cannot control and yet you (THIEVES) want to add to the isht???? Actually no wait that was not a question. .! People are coming to me with the dumbest things.... I see right now that as you get older just go ahead and add a fat ass helping of stress on the side. . Trust me no need to pull out your wallet -- it pays for itself. I swear I can Not understand that when people have a ucking problem they have to email every damn body and cc everybody else!!!! Do something.! Get a task... These THIEVES better learn how to talk to me before they get knocked down. Just because you don't look like me gives you no right to irk the hell out of me for the small stuff... Do you see this is what I mean when I say these people will send me str8 into racism... And I am not even racist! All I am saying is approach me like an adult and show me some respect... I am getting huffy and puffy so I am gonna roll.I hope that this is somewhat understood by others and just soley just for my personal benefit.Lesson to be learned: Try not to let other steal your joy....... Thieves will always be in your presence even if they are dormant at the time.... so watch out.....
					 						 Curses are words, even spells, that are spoken. They can be used by evil for evil and can be used as punishments against those who have done wrongly or sought to do wrong deeds. Curses are not only of spells like that of witch craft, but they are also mere everyday words that are used by people especially when they are angry, irritated, irrational, tired, impatient, etc. It is morally wrong to curse at someone. In fact, it is wrong to curse at anything especially when that someone or something has either done nothing wrong (in your eyes it is) or you are just not happy with the way things are going. The key thing is to be patient with whatever troubles you and ask God to help you with it. To bepatientis for one to bear pains or trials calmly or without any complaints. Cursing your family and loved ones is disgraceful. Cursing your father and your mother will condemn you from entering God's Kingdom and will also make your life short- Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the Lord your God is giving you.-EXODUS 2:12 It not only means Honoring them, but it also means to be polite and show courtesy and respect to them (but do NOT obey them if it means disobeying God in any way). Follow their teachings and listen to their wisdom and how they serve God (if they do, that is. If not, look up to someone else to who does for Holy reminder and an example how to serve the Lord). Parents have a special place in God's sight. Even those who do not get along with their parents are supposed to still honor them (and when you do curse or dishonor them, apologize and ask for forgiveness and then ask for God's forgiveness and then ask Him to help you not do it again). Remember, speaking evilly is like speaking like your the devil; which you do NOT want to be like. Like wise, your temper can lead to cursing, especially in the days of the latter. Your temper, if not controlled, can cause many harmful things. Many bad, severe things. Your temper can be your worst enemy of all if you let it. Your temper can also be the end of you if you do not learn how to control it; which you CANNOT do if you do NOT have God in your life to help you! Here is some words of Wisdom out of theBook of Proverbs - A fool gives vent to his anger, but a wise man keeps himself under control-PROVERBS 29:11 Also, cursing God is a sin. It is theTHIRDCommandment inThe Ten Commandments -You shall not misuse the name of the Lord your God, for the Lord will not hold anyone guiltless who misuses His name.-EXODUS 20:7 Oh, and just for good measure, God's last name doesn't start with a " D "! Use God's name seriously. You should use His name for praise and worship and for prayers, not for curses. Also, do not swear at all- Again, you have heard that it was said to people long ago, 'Do not break your oath, but keep the oaths you have made to the Lord.' But I tell you, do not swear at all: either by heaven, for it is God's throne; or by the earth, for it is His footstool; or by Jerusalem, for it is the city of the Great King. And do not swear by your head, for you cannot make one hair white or black. Simply let your 'yes' be 'yes' and your 'no' be 'no'; anything beyond this comes from the evil one.-MATTHEW 5:33-37 Don't make vows you can't keep and do not curse anything that is upon the earth or in heaven. Avoid casual and irresponsible commitments to God. Tell the truth like it is, do not lie. For the truth is the truth and cannot be a lie, for a lie is a lie... And partially a lie in a truth, only is a lie. There are NO such things as little white lies. A lie is a lie, no matter how big or small it is. And one of the Six...no seven things God hates and despises most is a liar. Try not lie, it is an impulse at first if you are use to it, but if you try to do what is right and hear a little voice saying to make a lie, it's a temptation. Say that it is wrong and that God forbids it and then rebuke it. Okay, curses. The Curses (the bad ones that are not from God) are also hexes and things that are conjured up by demonic forces and especially by the devil.Remember, when God does put a curse on things, it's for the better good and it also teaches us a lesson.Sorcery, like you've seen in the books ofHarry Potterand that of movies and such, was punished by death back then. Why? 'Cause it was and still is a crime against God- Do not allow a sorceress to live.-EXODUS 22:18 Do not practice divination or sorcery.-LEVITICUS 19:26 Why did God's laws speak so strongly against sorcery? Do not turn to mediums or seek out spiritists, for you will be defiled by God. I am the Lord.-LEVITICUS 19:31I will set my face against the person who turns to mediums and spiritists to prostitute himself by following them, and I will cut him off from his people. Consecrate yourselves and be holy, because I am the Lord your God. Keep my decrees and follow them. I am the Lord, who makes you holy. If anyone curses his father or his mother, they must be put to death. He has cursed his father or his mother, and his blood will be on his own head.-LEVITICUS 20:6-9A man or a woman who is a medium or spiritist amoung you must be put to death. You are to stone them; their blood will be on their own heads.-LEVITICUS 20:27Let no one be found among you who sacrifices his son or daughter in the fire, who practices divination or sorcery, interprets omens, engages in witchcraft, or casts spells, or who is a medium or a spiritist or consults the dead. Anyone who does these things is detestable to the Lord, and because of these detestable practices the Lord your God will drive out those nations before you. You must be blameless before the Lord your God.-DEUTERONOMY 18:9-13Why did God's laws speak so strongly against sorcery (text information taken out of the Bible is above)? Sorcery was punished by death because it was (and still is, God never changes nor does his law) a crime against God Himself. To invoke evil powers violates the first commandment to "have no other gods." Sorcery is a rebellion against God and His authority. In essence, it is teaming up with Satan and rebelling against God. You're are either on God's Side, or you are on the evil one's side! You can't be on both, nor can you be between, or on your own. If you choose your own, you are on Satan's side. You must choose God above all things and be on His side alone, because there areonlytwo sides- God's or the Devil's. Everyone is interested in seeing what the future holds, and we often look for guidance from other sources than that of God. But God warned us about looking to the occult for advice. Mediums and spiritists were outlawed back then because God was not the source of their information. At best, Occult practitioners are fakes whose predictions cannot be trusted. At worst, they are in contact with evil spirits and are thus extremely dangerous. We don't need to look to the occult for information about the future. God has given us the Bible, which has all the information we need- and the Bible's teachings is trustworthy.Now you know the difference between different meanings of the the word "CURSE". Here are some dictionary meanings to make things more understandable:VERB RELATIONS (USES AND MEANINGS) to the word "CURSE" CURSE1 : to use profanely insolent language against : BLASPHEME2 a : to call upon divine or supernatural power to send injury upon b : to execrate in fervent and often profane terms3 : to bring great evil upon : AFFLICTintransitive senses : to utter imprecations : SWEARsynonym see EXECRATE BLASPHEME1 : to speak of or address with irreverence2 : REVILE, ABUSEintransitive senses : to utter blasphemy AFFLICT1 : obsolete : a : HUMBLE b : OVERTHROW2 a : to distress so severely as to cause persistent suffering or anguish b : TROUBLE, INJUREsynonyms AFFLICT, TRY, TORMENT, TORTURE, RACK mean to inflict on a person something that is hard to bear. AFFLICT is a general term and applies to the causing of pain or suffering or of acute annoyance, embarrassment, or any distress (ills that afflict the elderly). TRY suggests imposing something that strains the powers of endurance or of self-control (children often try their parents' patience). TORMENT suggests persecution or the repeated inflicting of suffering or annoyance (a horse tormented by flies). TORTURE adds the implication of causing unbearable pain or suffering (tortured by a sense of guilt). RACK stresses straining or wrenching (a body racked by pain).SWEAR1 : to utter or take solemnly (an oath)2 a : to assert as true or promise under oath (a sworn affidavit) b : to assert or promise emphatically or earnestly (swore to uphold the Constitution)3 a : to put to an oath : administer an oath to b : to bind by an oath (swore them to secrecy)4 : obsolete : to invoke the name of (a sacred being) in an oath5 : to bring into a specified state by swearing (swore his life away)intransitive senses 1 : to take an oath2 : to use profane or obscene language : CURSE- swear·er noun - swear by : to place great confidence in- swear for : to give assurance for : GUARANTEE- swear off : to vow to abstain from : RENOUNCE (swear off smoking)EXECRATE1 : to declare to be evil or detestable : DENOUNCE2 : to detest utterly- ex·e·cra·tive /-"krA-tiv/ adjective - ex·e·cra·tor /-"krA-t&r/ noun NOUN RELATIONS (USES AND MEANINGS) to the word "CURSE" CURSEMain Entry: [1]curse Pronunciation: 'k&rs Function: noun Etymology: Middle English curs, from Old English Date: before 12th century 1 : a prayer or invocation for harm or injury to come upon one : IMPRECATION2 : something that is cursed or accursed3 : evil or misfortune that comes as if in response to imprecation or as retribution4 : a cause of great harm or misfortune : TORMENT5 : MENSTRUATIONIMPRECATION1 : CURSE2 : the act of imprecating- im·pre·ca·to·ry /'im-pri-k&-"tOr-E, im-'pre-k&-, -"tor-/ adjective TORTUREDate: 14th century 1 : the infliction of torture (as by rack or wheel)2 : extreme pain or anguish of body or mind : AGONY3 : a source of vexation or pain 						 
					 						The Seven ‘I am’s of Jesus:“What is God like?” many people ask this question throughout generations and is still being asked today.One good answer is “Look at Jesus, He is God. He shows us what God is like!”Jesus has seven ‘I am’s… this will help us know little bit of who God is!Bread:“I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will never go hungry.”-John 6:35 Light: “I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness.”- John 8:12Gate: “I am the gate; whoever enters through me will be saved.”-John 10:9Good Shepherd: “I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.”-John 10:10 Resurrection and Life: “I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me will live, even though he dies.”-John 11:25Way, Truth, Life: “I am the way and the truth and the life. No-one comes to the Father except through me.”-John 14:6True Vine: “I am the true vine, and my Father is the gardener.” -John 15:1						 
					 						The Bad about Anger-Anger is a strong emotion which if not controlled can be your worst enemy; many people today have this problem. Anger affects your attitude towards everything or can increase in the thing(s) that an individual despises the most; anger seems to have a tendency of misguiding the views of an individual. Anger can lead to violence, a very wicked and detestable deed that a person does when he/she is not merciful to his/her enemy(-y + ies = enemies) or his/her debtor(s). Anger can also stem off into other sins and other bad impulses; like Jealousy, pride, vengeance, etc. Jesus said:"Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy." And in the prayer of Our Father (The Lord's Prayer):"Our father who art in Heaven, Hollowed be thy name. Thy Kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us of our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil (the evil one, Satan). Amen."When you do not forgive your enemies and/or try to get back at them, you will not receive any mercy from God, only those that show mercy to anyone will obtain forgiveness. Also Jesus said;"What you do unto others, you do unto me!"Meaning that what ever you do to anybody you also do to God.... So it is wise keep your anger down and be merciful while you can, for there might not be another day. How to control your anger/What to do: Turn from your wicked ways, for hate in a man's heart is a sin; which is entirely EVIL! Pray to God to forgive you and give you another chance, pray also to Him to help you in your life. He will help, not only believe that he can, also trust and have faith in him! Your life can become much better from there as you keep praying and have faith in God! I know it is not easy, but with God's help and you wanting to change and also trying will work. God Bless You who ever you are, God is with you on every step of the way!List of People in the Bible (Examples):Cain:When Cain saw that God liked his brother, Abel's offering more, Cain became envious and very angry. Cain murdered Abel and left him. God saw this and cursed Cain that he could never grow good crops and he made him be vanished away from his home forever. God left a mark on Cain's forehead so that every living thing would know what he'd done. Cain made a family in the land named Nod, which meant "Wandering".Moses:When Moses saw the Hebrew people worshipping Bel, Moses broke the Ten Commandments because he was infuriated by their wicked deed of idolatry (worshipping another God). Moses' chastisement for breaking the first laws of God given to Hebrews was he would pass away before they reached the Promised Land (The Land of Milk and Honey).Also remember, it is God that helps give you control, not yourself! 						 
					 						 Whenever I feel like there's no hope; like there's no end to all the miseries and pains of this world, I turn to the Lord with the thoughts of His return. Today, I've came across what St. Paul had wrote in Thessalonians 2, about problems that might be testing your faith- All this is evidence that God's judgment is right, and as a result you will be counted worthy of the Kingdom of God, for which you are suffering. God is just: He will pay back trouble to those who trouble you and give relief to you who are troubled, and to us as well. This will happen when the Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven in blazing fire with His powerful angels. He will punish those who do not know God and do not obey the gospel of our Lord Jesus. They will be punished with everlasting destruction and shut out from the presence of the Lord and from the majesty of His power on the day He comes to be glorified in his holy people and to be marveled at among all those who have believed.2 Thessalonians 1:5-10 So don't fret about this world, but do keep in mind of the Lord's Returning... For He come like "a thief in the night". And only those who will meet the Lord are those who look for Him. So, be forever mindful of him and know this- Don't put this aside ever, for the Lord will come when you least expect it. 						 
					 						 Hello, this is my first post. Let me introduce this blog and of myself. First, myself- My Name is Tiffany B. (I usually don't give my last name). I am a teenager and a Christian...or more precisely a Catholic. All I can really say is that I'm a normal everyday person. Well, at least I think I am or I'd like to think that. J/K. =P Anyway, I will write in this blog whenever I feel there is a need to. I'll have to say that I've had blog's before and I never seem to really use them. Also, I must say that I probably won't be writing in this blog after a couple of years. I'll be busy in my studies of wanting to become a nun, evangelist, or a missionary; which of them I don't know what I should choose of. So, with out further a due... Here's my blog with my inner thoughts and such! ^^ 						 
Tired. Not Interested. Money can make you do desperate stuff.Like hanging on to a creepy job. Like making calls to strangers and promoting stuff that you will never believe in. I never liked this job and never will. Period. Alas! There has come a need and I am the chosen One to suffer. Why...and I also asked my fren azu 2 join with me in this.... Sin!Nah! Life's too short for regrets... Perhaps.
Songs in my playlist:~ Eamon-I don't want you back~ maroon 5-This Love~ Ghillli soundtrack~ Coldplay-ClocksDon't knowwhy ... seem to like sad songs nowadays... especially stuff that start with"I..."
WatchedGhillli . Twice.Want to watch it again.Vijaysimply rocked in the flick. Can't believe he's turning 30 this year. Everything was great about the film.Hero, heroine, songs, dance and even the villain. Need money fast. Want to watch the movie all over again. Loved "appadi podu". I have become daring over the last few years... Previously was afraid of going to theatres. feared someone would take notice of my presence Now... fast forward 2004, feel that films are meant to be watched only in theatres and should be watched only in theatres... There's no "kick" in watching films in vcds and stuff A film's grandious stature can only be felt in a cinema or theatre for that very fact... Hey, m not a film distributor or something... Just a opinion! Check outurlLink Ghillli 's review.
I expect to pass this world butonce . Any good I can do, Or any kindness that I can show, Let me donow , For I shallnotpass this way again.This was on this month's calendar.On my birthday month, July, this was what the calendar meted out for me:Peace is found not in whatsurroundsus,but in what we holdwithin .Cool calendar.Called Inspirational Calendar 2004. it's onLife . 12 quotes that are determined to change my life...
uud Van Nistelrooy , A killer on the pitch. His ball skills are unbeatable 'tho there is one minor glitch... When watching Ruud Van Nistelrooy No matter what your aim, With eyes like that, one finds it hard To consentrate on the game! My heart is filled with love for Ruud And locker littered with pics, And try as i might not to think about him It's a habit I just can't kick (no pun intended) So who needs David Beckham? Cole, Owen or Henry? As gorg' as they are, and well as they play, Van Nistelrooy's for me!" urlLink www.ruudvannistelrooy.com/ Ruud van Nistelrooy is one person who can really make me go weak on my knees. He represents utter perfection for me in every sense. urlLink www.rvn10.com! 
Atleast a week since i last blogged. Brain's clogged with thoughts, curses and personal oxymorons. No idea frm where to begin... the hols have made me an unmarried housewife Life revolves around the broom, vacuum, washing machine, detergents and hanging out washed clothes. sic still manage to find time to read the straits times. prevents my brain cells frm degenerating. then there's azu juz a call away. i have combed city hall with her atleast 8times juz laz freakish week alone! we never fail to talk abt the city hall dude everytime we meet. he's called Dude, smtimes wateva-an. 
"Vous parlez espagnol?" "Non, je parle anglais." stoned. Boring, difficult moment. French lessons, i don't know anything except"j'mappelle Isabelle" and "je suis Singapourienne" and yes!"Comment tui t'appelle?" Now i am doing an online french quiz. Dismal scores: 1/8 then 4/8... new score..1/7 Wow!My mum would freak out if she sees the way i'm doing french. "Elle est infirmière?"-that's the question andm suppose to come up with a answer... Let me see.. What to write? "Oui, elle travaille à l'hôpital Cochin." Finally correct.
Loved "My Happy Ending"Didn't expect to really fall in love with the song.Avril did it again.Liked the video especially.Song's running in my head since yesterday.Crap.Time to go for comm skills lessonTruely dislike every minute of it.10 mins for lesson to start.Bah...Bawl...Cry...Still have to make it.Damn.I thought the world was fair. &nbsp;&nbsp; 
Wow...Ages since i last logged onto Blogger.comIt has changed so much that it is so....Overwhelming!I am really stuck for words...Dunno wat to type...&nbsp;Erm..Let me see, what's new...M&nbsp;like in a new school, new class and meeting new people every single day...And i have finally contacted my 'old' fren samantha after ages n yes ! I&nbsp;met&nbsp;up with my best fren Liha&nbsp;finally&nbsp;in nyp...Surprisingly,It took 27daysFo our paths to meet in the same&nbsp; school!I feel like blogging moreEveryday.Surprised.Yup, and i cannot wait for Vijay's next film Mathurato come out...Exciting.Period.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;
Hmm wiffle ball tomorrow. I think it's still going to be going on.I had asked Mike if he would join us, he said he couldn't. I thought he was just making an excuse at first, his excuse seemed loose and fishy. I felt rejected and miffed, and didn't talk to him much after that. I felt like just being mad at someone, I think the summer as turned me into a non-caring person. Not like I'm going to see him at least until school, so I don't find it necessary to be polite sometimes. I even stopped talking to most people I used to entirely. I'm happy with my small group of friends.Anyway, I sorta feel like a moron for acting that way towards Mike last night.And I need to start eating normal. I haven't eating a normal meal in awhile.I need someone to slap me on the wrists and get me to read my books, I have about 19 days now, and I know I'm not going to get it done well. I don't want to start with a bad grade in my English class. English is the only real class that I can honestly do my best in, and actually put effort forth for. I really shouldn't be lazy like this. So I'm going to promise myself to get through five chapters this evening, and try to start thinking about the essay topics. I was looking at them, and nothing seemed to be essayable, but it could be that I haven't given myself a chance to get farther into the book. I'm not even hlaf through yet. I'm not sure how I'm going to do reading the Crucible. I've never read through a play that is written like that before. I've done the whole shakespere bit, but it's entirely different from this. A lot of people say plays are fun to read though, so I'm trying not to get a bad impression of it before I even start reading it.And that's about it. 
Whoo hoo! Cheating on my livejournal. ( urlLink http://www.livejournal.com/users/somnambulauren )It feels good. I'm starting to feel stalked and crampped on the ol' El-Jay. It's perfectly fine if I want to write something I don't mind others to see, but I like to have a little space on my own you know? I felt a little pushed around, influenced...Well maybe I was just feeling that way for awhile. I had cheated on lj before, with another lj account, then like a week later, took it down.&nbsp; Weird. I might even like, abandon this in a week or month or so. Or I might keep it for a long time, I don't really know right now. I like to just let everything out and not care how long it's going to be, or who is going to read it, or what people are going to think.&nbsp; So, here it is. I hope I can figure out how to navigate it easily.Oh well, I've had enough for now, I need to get to sleep, and need to get some reading done. 
I get shy in large groups of people I do not know.Why am I shy? Because sometimes people, make fun of me when I just ...be.So I keep quiet, around people I don't know.And many people are nice, and get to know me.And then there's Nazi kid.Who's a fucking...pseudo-Nazi. 
I need to clone myself. I seem to be a terrible friend. I can't be everywhere at once though, and still spend my much needed down time on my own.Erika's mad at me. Ashley says she's mad at me, and then she says she doesn't care.I'd apologize, because I am an apologetic person. But I don't believe I have done anything wrong.They are mad because I haven't called them a lot. Erika, I hung out with on Friday. She was at Kaitlin's house on Saturday.She told me she was busy Sunday. Monday, I was home. Tuesday, I invited myself over to Karries to see her before she left for Mexico. I didn't go over until she got home around 3:00, and she said I had to leave around 7:00. I could tell she didn't want a bunch of people over, she had to go to sleep early, still had to do some packing, and wake up at 2:00 am. She had told me she was just going to watch some movies. Kaitlin called, on my way to Karries, so I told her about having to leave early, and that Karrie's just watching movies, she could probably join us, but call up Karrie.So, no huge deal, I left early, said my goodbyes.I talked to Erika online that night, asked her what she did that day. She said she went to see Harold and Kumar with Ellie and Chris. She asked me what I did. I told her I invited myself to Karries to watch some movies, and I had to leave early so she could get some sleep. I told her Kaitlin was over too. Erika got pissed, she said she was mad because she was left out again. After that, she stopped talking to me online, and soon got off.Ashley im'ed me. She told me her and Erika were feeling left out. She said that if I didn't like her, I should tell her.I told her I liked her. She asked why I never call her. I asked why she never calls me. Then she said something about friendship being a two way thing. At this point I realized that we could continue, like two year olds, to go back and forth forever, so I called a truce. Can I call a truce?Anyway...I called up Kaitlin, at this point I was feeling pretty defenseless, and like a pretty crappy person. She told me Karrie had tried to call Erika.And that they hung out with Erika on Saturday.So now, I feel like I have done nothing wrong. Neither Erika, nor Ashley has ever called me during the summer to hang out. I always call them. If Karrie did call Erika...then...I can't figure out WHAT she'd have to be mad about.And um, excuse me, I have many other friends that I haven't seen since the very begining of the summer. Getting pissed off at me, because I haven't seen you in three days, isn't going to make me want to see you sooner than anyone else.Sorry I must prioratize, I'm feeling more like a bussiness woman, than a friend.
I've been moody today. I was happy earlier, but I had that feeling that I was going to cry or be upset about something. I get like that sometimes. It's just a shocker why it happens randomly.Anyway, I was jogging on my treadmill and listening to headphones, when my mom came downstairs. I slowed down while she was talking to me. She said she had to go out to pick up Cheryl. Julie was having a seizure, and they called an amubulance, and Cheryl had to go with because Julie was denying she had taken pills.My mom told me she was going to drive up to South Suburban Hospital, and I asked her where that was, and what kind of neigborhood, because it's late, and I was worried about my mom driving there alone. She said it was the hospital Grandpa Feret was in, so I could understand where that was. My mom went back upstairs, and I started to think about my Grandpa again. Thinking about him always makes me cry. And I never thought I had my heartbroken before, but I realized now, that yes, I have. I remember sitting with my dad at dinner one night, back when I was in 8th grade, and that's when my mom was working full time and overtime everynight, and couldn't even make it home for dinner. My brother was probably also working, or just out of the house, because he'd been having so many arguments with my parents. So it was just my dad and I eating dinner together. I remember asking him if he was taking off work the next day, or if he was going back. He said he was going to the hospital the next morning, so he could take care of some things with his dad, and he wouldn't be going to work. We didn't say anything else to eache other, and I remember seeing my dad's eyes tear up.This was the first time I had ever seen my father cry. And sitting there at the dinner table, was the first time I've had my heartbroken.The sharpest pain is losing your parents. Back in those weeks and months after my Grandpa passed away, I remember being so afraid for my own parents. I couldn't imagine losing them, and I knew if I did, I couldn't go on myself. My parents are my core. Sometimes I stop at times like this, when I'm by myself and reminded of someone I knew who died, I can't help but think I want to pause everything as it is. I'd get to live as I am now, and I wouldn't have to go through the loss of someone so close to me. With all the pain that I have from my Grandpa's death as it is, I can't yet understand how it was for my father.I began to think also, of Karrie's dad. And I think, that hurts me even more. Since I became friends with her, and since I knew, I can never think of my own dad, without thinking of hers.Counting as my second heartbreak, was when Mrs. Benda said something to me one day. I had a conversation with her, about a month before, about how I was upset I didn't get to see Big Fish while it was in the theater. She was gushing about how wonderful a movie it was, and how much I was going to enjoy it when I did get to see it.About a month later, I talked to her again, and told her I finally saw it. She asked me what my favorite part was, and I told her it was the almost unbelieveable romantic parts, like when he first saw his wife at the circus. I remember her exact words, when she looked at me and whispered, "Oh Lauren, but itreally doeshappen like that when you fall in love, everything else slowed down when I met my husband."A little piece of my heart cracked off for Mrs. Benda.So at this point in my jogging, I had made a mental list, ofthe three people I would bring back now if I could.Karrie's father Stacies twin, Tracy My GrandpaAnd that's really where it ends. I'm not waiting for the time when I lose someone so near to me, my heart is burried with them. I want to kick myself in the shins, for never giving tighter hugs,holding longer conversations, and smiling more. I need to work on my affection.
I had a brief dream the other night. I must preface this with telling you about my ganglion cyst.After a car accident we had in 2002, I developed a bump on the top of my wrist that seemed firm, but pliable.This bump grew in size over a series of months and most times didn't inconvenience or hurt, though I felt it unsightly.Occasionally it would seem to press on nerves and cause some arthritic like pain in my wrist.One time when I twisted my wrist in an unnatural manner opening a refrigerator door in a store, it immediately went away.What it is is a buildup of the fluid your body produces to lubricate your joints....through some kind of trauma, a hole and pocket is created into which the fluid leaks and builds up.Occasionally another trauma (such as hitting it with a large book which was the folk remedy for this illness people have called a "Bible Bump") or surgery can make it go away,but it is always possible for it to return.Mine has come and gone and currently it is in the gone phase.It is an anomaly, but doesn't really bother me too terribly enough to have surgery to attempt to permanently remove it.Most times these occur on the top of the wrist, though others have gotten them at their ankles, the joint of their thumb, or elsewhere.WEll, anyway, I had a dream the other evening that I developed something similar on the top rear right side of my head.I was scratching my head and felt a bump that was getting larger......this lump continued to grow to my horror until it finally stopped and I felt it underneath my hair and skin......and it felt similar in pliability and firmness to my ganglion cyst.At that point I woke up.I have to ponder this one to figure out the potential meaning behind it.
7/7/04I dreamed that terrorists somehow undermined the internet infrastructure and caused the global economy to collapse, the electrical grid to go down and as a result there was looting, riots, collapse of the government at least here in the U.S., and a variety of other horrific scenarios.In my dream I was watching the information about this on a TV even though the power was out supposedly.I felt a fear rising in my throat, climbing up every vertebra in my neck like an ooze.My husband was packing for us to flee to a campground we visit often that would have their doors open for friends.I woke up shocked and the dream had felt so real at the time.This was before the most recent announcement of the threat by our Dept. Of Homeland INsecurity.I tend to see these announced threats now as a political ploy......especially in this election year.I fear that Bush will attempt to postpone the election more than I fear an actual attack at this point. But the dream was very disturbing nonetheless.I don't know how realistic the scenario is because I don't know what security measures are in place on the computer networks of places like the various stock exchanges around the world or the banks...or the government for that matter.
Food- Pizza, spegghetti?* chips and sandwhiches Band- Lamb of god, Dj venom, Metallica, Godsmack, Tool.. Song- Fade away - Drowning Pool Candy- Mr good bar Color- black Store- AE - hollister Subject- Math owned Teacher-Mrs Tillinghast Scent- Burberry Drink- Beer or is this softdrink? ;) Alcoholic Drink- Everclear, Budlight, Any rum and Wellers. Memory- When I pass out drunk, well scratch that,when I went to mall with mia so much fun.::::The people you know::::Best Liar- Me probably =) Worst Liar- ERIC jesus the kid cant lie aboutgrades even. Smartest- Wylie? Dumbest- Brian fo' sure or the whole family Craziest- Me again. Quietest- Brian..Shyest- Brian Most Athletic- Mia >=) Least Athletic- Brian and beth SCRATCH that the hole family wuhahahaWho can you tell everything to- Actually everyoneIm pretty open. Get married first- Dunno. Be the best Grandpa- Kirk for sure Be the best Grandma- My Sister. Have a TON of kids- Brian lol (KIDDING)NEVER have kids- Brian? Most outgoing- MeFriendliest- Mia Good god Most Self Centered- beth lmfao CAW CAW! Who knows you the best- Eric and wylie Who is the biggest flirt- Casey....::::Would or have you ever::::Skinny dipped- Of course Skipped School- Me? never! lol jk Lied to your parents- All the timeBroken the law- Of course. How- Does being under the influence and runningfrom cops count? Get married- Yes Loved anyone- Yes Got drunk- hahaha thats hilariousSo drunk you can't remember- Quite a few lol Done drugs- Yes Which ones- Weed, pills.::::Miscellaneous:::: Name the best thing ever to do with your closestfriends- Party Do you have a job- No If so..where-Do you want a job- Yes::::Honestly Answer these:::: If you were stranded on a deserted island withonly 5 things what would they be?- Mia, Condoms,Bed, Food, And alcohol. =)What is your biggest flaw?- Getting pissed easilyWhat do you absolutely love about your self?- Eyes. Who would you die for?- Family and friendsWho would you do anything for?- family and friendsSay one nice thing about the person you despise the most- Shes not too ugly lol beth :)Would you consider your self "frigid?"- nahWho do you know that is most and least "frigid?"- BrianWho do you think is so hot you just wanna jump on them?- MY COWGIRL MIA!Where do you think the ideal place to have sex would be- Bed, car, shower, PUBLIC...How many people have you kissed- 10 or soIf you could do anything right now... what would it be?- be with mia :)What do you want to do before you die?- Have sexWould you ever want to become a prostitute?- NopeWhy or why not? Nigga - I dont just fuck anyone.Are you for or against drugs?- You got it do it.How often do you go online?- When im boredDo you consider yourself goodlooking?- YesDo others?- Yes.Who is it that you want but you know you can't have?- No one I want mia and im ganna have her.What do you think about this --- Every persondeserves someone --- do you think this is true? Whyor why not?Yes, because theres someone out therfor everyoneWhat came first...the chicken or the egg? Thechicken you dumb fuck how'd you get the egg.Would you ever screw someone in a janitor's closetat school? FUCK YEAH! i love it when you dosomething in public knowing you might get caughtbut you get away with it, thats what makes it moreexciting and fucking HUGE turn on.
Hmm we'll start off with yesterday... I drove to mias work and home lol that was fun vroom vroom crazy shit... and then I accidentally jammed my moms finger in the gas pump, which made me feel bad :( we went home watched emperors new groove haha mias a dork ;P Then my mom fuckin pissed me off so we went to mias work again, and mias g-ma, mia, and her sis all went to mc donalds and then we saw a movie I LOVED EVERY MINUTE OFyesterday :) PS... I whacked off yesterdayTODAY---- MOWED... Mias gone to her dads... I tried calling her.. no answer.... today sucks....... I'll write more later. maybe.
Well mias MOM is about to pick me up and were going to go eat at mcallisters :) then I guess im staying at her work? or going back home, then mias ganna come over my day is awsome so far except that im fucking tired as hell. :)I'll post more when my day becomes more complete.
Hello mates, Im very very tired right now. Im also talking to my COWGIRL :)(MiA) hehehe. Today was pretty gay the lawn mower broke right when I was fucking mowing I WAS PISSED GOOD GOD >=\. But tommrow will rock cause im going to mias work Then shes commin over maybe :).I asked the lady at mc donalds how much blowjobs were and she left lol then the manager gave us food. It was fun this song is pretty depressing "Tear Away" by drowning pool. Well im out guys 
Last goodbye (C) MDHLife it seems is fading far, far away. Im done trying, So todays the day. I've decided to give up my mothers pride and joy. I will no longer be called her little boy. No more tears streamming down my face. No more being labled such a disgrace. So as I leave there will be no golden sun. No shining star. I've convinced myself, I've gone too far. The gun to my head, the tears in my eye. I've left this world without saying goodbye. -------------------------------------------- Give me your input on it guys.
06/15/04 Site created.
I get to come home soon! T_T I miss you all! Well..most of you. *shifty glance* I'm REALLY going to miss German guys though, I mean.......wow. They are NICE!! I wish Wendy were here to share the glory with me. U_U In Scotland my friend, in Scotland. We shall admire the guys there, together. For love, FOR LOVE AND FOR PEACE!!! That boy had really nice eyes..I mean er-uhm >_ Aaanywho, I like it here muy mucho *nod nod*not as nice as Ireland, I don't really feel at home like I was there, and the fact that none of us speak German, French, or Dutch, doesn't help any...Mom's talking about going to Spain, so my Spanish may actually be of use, since Joe is the only other one that speaks it. But we're going to Scotland first! *wink, nudge, elbows Wendy* Then Japan W00t!!! Umm..I guess that's all for now, I mean I'll end up talking to you all, you can ask your questions and whatnot then. *nods* Pies for nows.
At my grandma's >_>;; slowest computer I swear. Anyway, bored out of oblivion. Keep thinking about the plane >_0 ooooohhow I hate planes!! T_T Don't make me go! :cry cry: Ummm...what else? I had ice cream! yey!! I never get Ice Cream, so if you know when my birthday is, or you see me on X-Mas, get me ice cream, I'll love you forever. X3 Aaand yesh. Think I'll stop now, just know that I was very bored when I wrote this. That is all.
okokokokok this is my last quiz post thingy...for awhile. ^_^ I just got all excited when I got it: Dragon: Dragons are very mysterious creatures who often live alone in caves with hoards of gold. You keep yourself from others and contain many armoured plates for defence. However,you will be kind to others if they are kind to you. You are very thrifty and rarely waste any money. I'm a mysterious creature!? Who knew? o.O;;
Yeah..interesting I know, but I couldn't resist alright? You are a Siren. More adventurous than all with a voice like no other you sit on warm rocks and sing to the moon and sea. Yet sometimes shipwrecks find you and raving men want you. You are a bottle of talent and power. What the unknown is you seek to find, and a lover. You have the moon and stars as freinds. There are a very few of you, what a rare find.
This thing is damn cute. I want one!!! T_T 
AAAAGH!! I love quizzes ^_ Anywhoosy, I thought this one was right, comment! Tell me what you think!! ...or something!You have a Calm Soul! Being calm and cool is what you do best. You collected thoughts and always positive attitude make you very bright and logical. When theres a problem, you know how to approach it, and solve it. Your friends rely on you on their problems, and your shoulder for their crying. You are peaceful, and enjoy nature and freedom. You rarely get angry and hardly scream, which makes you good with kids. You seem to be in tune with the world and if anything goes wrong, you always bounce back. 
I was hoping I'd get water, this was totally unexpected @.@ I think it hit right on the mark though, you wouldn't picture me as a sad and lonely type would you? ^_^ How little I have told you my friends...You're Element is Night. You're a loner who is very creative but will never show your work to anyone. You may smile a little but sadness or loneliness surrounds you and others can feel it when they're near you. You have a dark or unusual beauty that makes you mysterious and you probably have a lot of secrets that you've never told anyone. You're beauty is intriging and unorthidox but the real thing that makes you special is your eyes. Something in them makes them like "Diamonds in the Rough"
And now, for a random picture of my cat!! Awww the cute blind-ability awwwwwww...
If this man isn't a god, I have no idea what he is. I've read a lot about him and listened to as much of his music as I can get my hands on, concluding that he truly is an incredible person. Not to mention insanely good looking >. XD gotta love that Zorro look.
Well hmmm lessee here...in news, which rarely happens, I'm going to Germany on the 20th should be back by the 4th of July, and if I'm not, don't worry, I will be back. n_n Here's a fun little riddle for the few of you that actually read this: I shed my second tear, into the cup of cheer, But look not in any cup, the answer's written here! My first is in blood and also in battle, My second in acorn oak, and apple, My third and forth are both the same, In the center of sorrow and twice in refrain, My fifth starts eternity ending here, My last is the first of last...Oh dear! If I told you the answer then you would know, 'Twas made in the winter of deepest snow. ~Brian Jacques
Yes, this is my blog thingy. It's oh so interesting as you can see >_>;; Hopefully I can get the hang of it soon enough and entertain you all...
Aww! You wished me a Happy Birthday right here in my own blog! That was sweet of you. I would have responded sooner if I had actually been home, but I kinda ran away on my birthday ~_~ I just got home a few hours ago, and I wouldn't have come back if it weren't for violin! T_T Stoopy parents always ruining my life. But thankuuu again Micky! (>^_^<)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BUDDY!!! w00t w00t (Katie's birthday was yesterday solly) ^^U I didn't think about posting until today and was busy yesterday too. LOL I send my best wishes to you and hope under god's name that the lawn gnomes will bless you with every light that shines within our hearts. HUG! (> ^_^ <)
Aaaaaaaaaah! I must show this to all of you!! The crazyness that is my quiz result!Modern rock!You're very good!Your lyrics have lots to say, but you can go crazy sometimes... Careful now...Just keep making that music that keeps the rock world watching!
Been trying to play Requiem of Spirit and Nocturne of Shadow on my violin this morning...I practiced my scales. I think you may just win that penny yet Elliott. Anyway, this instrument stuff would be so much easier if I knew how to read music X3 Wendy and I still need to work on that duet but I think she's avoiding me @_@ It's not my fault your part is harder!! Anywho, I hope everyone is having a vondaful summer and uh..if you can help me read music...I'll love you forever *puppy eyes*
*puff of smoke and appears out of no where*...uh..hi! *looks around nervously* yea...uhm.. yea I'm Katie... DO YOU DOUBT MY WORDS?!?!? Yes of course not cause I’m' Katie.. yea that’s right >. P.S. COMMENT COMMENTS PLZ WOULD BE VERY APRECITATED!!! ^-^ 
Like mad libs, only over the internet! Crazyness, heres one of mine: Sing a Christmas Carol! Up on the housetop sheep pause, Out jumps pure sweet Santa LeGare, Down through the Saftey Pin with lots of wombats, All for the shy ones Christmas joys!CHORUS: rot, rot, rot, Joe wouldn't stop, rot, rot, rot, Joe wouldn't stop,Up on the housetop, run, run, run, down through the Saftey Pin with mental Saint Andrea .First comes the sock of dirty Wendy, Oh, stubborn Santa, fight it well, Give her a hippo that walks and swims, One that can open and kick their eyebrows.CHORUS: rot, rot, rot, Joe wouldn't stop, rot, rot, rot, Joe wouldn't stop,Up on the housetop, run, run, run, down through the Saftey Pin with mental Saint Andrea .Look in the elbow pad of insane Elliott, Oh just see the funny fill! Here is a hammer and lots of mushrooms, A drum that explodes and a lotion that dries!CHORUS: rot, rot, rot, Joe wouldn't stop, rot, rot, rot, Joe wouldn't stop,Up on the housetop, run, run, run, down through the Saftey Pin with mental Saint Andrea.
My dearest friends! I spent my insomnia over all of you, it's not much, hell it's not even very good, but I think it gets my point across well enough. Thank you all so much for being the best, greatest friends a person could ever ask for!!This is dedicated to you my friends together we've faced all of life's bends, Starting with Joe, my brother I know, from before the start you were with me yelling 'HEY KATE!!' always carefree... Next comes Wendy, Andrea too like sisters to me I love both of you! Heather was gone, and now she's back won't take long for us to get on track. Michelle and Michelle, you're two of a kind both of you constantly invading my mind!! Then there's Vicky, who's oh so sweet being friends with you is the sweetest treat. No Elliott, I couldn't forget you cheering me up, no matter just how blue This is getting so long I fear I must stop! my many other friends, I never will drop Every one of you warms my heart and I sincerely hope that we never part.
Hopeless Child: Gaia says you're not accepting PM's..or something, so pleaaaaaase don't think I'm ignoring you! >_ *Cough* In other news, I have the whole house to myself today!! Whooo. Everyones gone an its cool.. uhhhhh here: Congrats! Your a Pure Angel! Angels, as far as most of them go, are all compatible creatures, but Pure ones simply are symbols of God. Pure Angels always appear when a child is born, when a rainbow is seen, or when someone shares their first kiss. They never grow old. People often think how young you look, yet you feel so old. Pure angels are the carriers of god, and show their love to everyone in the world.
Not much new. Doin some homework, played FFVIII pretty much all day, that an some gaia. I've got to the 3rd dics in under 24 hours. @_@ That just screams 'you know you play too much Final Fantasy when...'Anyway, heres the vondaful result of a quiz I took, it's like, perfect. Ooo, and for those that don't already know, I belong in the Slytherin house. Damn I love these quizzes n_n;;Your soul is DARK. You aren't too happy with your life, though you may feel you should be. You're probably solitary, pessimistic, brooding, possibly nocturnal, but mostly a general unknown. You might have a hidden liking for pain and destruction, but you're probably more masochistic that sadistic if that's true. Those that think they know you tend to place you closer to evil on a scale of good and evil, which most likely isn't true. What people see may not be who you actually are. Some people fear you and others mock you. What isn't really known, though, is that you're not pure evil. You're just a mysterious, misunderstood - and sadly, forsaken - soul.
Funy thing, that... The next day he started talking to me again! Glad to have him back. (>^_^ KapitanKatz: Hello again my beauties- is it happening?Onebluemoon4: noyummens: yesyummens: er..noOnebluemoon4: thats next weekOnebluemoon4: waityummens: okDandiAndi13: what?Onebluemoon4: im confusedKapitanKatz: whats next week? 
long lazy day today, lots of video game playing FFVIII, just finished with the FH quest on the second disc and liberated Balamb...finished my summer reading junk, Life of Pi, which remindes me i'd like some chocolate...>_ aaaaaaaanyway, no pictures today, yes, we're brushing up on our reading skills children. ^_^ I had mucho fun hangin with Wendy, even though i slept most of the time...when i got home no one was online, not even elliott.i havent talked to him for awhile actually. he's online but he wont say hi, makes me wonder if i did something wrong? maybe he just doesn't wanna be friends anymore? whatever it is, makes me feel like ive lost something good, like a friend died. one of those things you think is going to last forever you know? one day you wake up to find its not there and you're back to being all alone. never had anyone that would listen to my sadness before. first person that let me vent all the time too hahah. i dont think i ever got a chance to tell him but, when kate broke up with him iono which one of us was sadder. i always told you eh andrea? all i ever wanted was for him to be happy, why i always tried to cheer him up! ah...im just rambling. not like anybody ever reads these anyway.. i'm tired of tasting my own tears, bout two months ago i wouldn't have to. id be too busy talking to someone that made me laugh till it hurt. just hurts in a different way this time.
Sorry I've been neglecting you my bloggy. I feel so bad T_T well no, not really. But I'm glad to be back home. My friends all missed me so much! It was very heartwarming to talk to them again. *nod nod* Back to my rigorous quiz taking :gonk:Your Heart is Blue
Hot damn, I need to update this thing. And I've noticed, there's hardly any pictures! Where would we be without pictures, eh? Nowhere, that's right children!! Cause no onereadsanymore, I mean, who besides me would want toREAD ? P.S. I hate this damn coo-coo clock my mother wasted her money on. It's driving me up my tree. ~_~ 
I can play some songs now whoop de deedle dee. Not the ones I wanna play, of course. Trying them though. I can play Zelda songs, and some children songs =_= suikoden songs are just too hard. Tried FF music, no good. O well, they say practice mayes perfect. Who are "they" anyway? @_@
Home from a lake. I never loved the shower so much in my life. I meana, once you jump in a lake full of dead fish, and don't have the opportunity to shower for a few days, you realize the shower is a very blessed invention...
urlLink Small is Beautiful by Larry Brown & When You Have a Modest, Simple Boat, You Can Sail at the Drop of a Hat by Don Casey More on the subject of boat size. When ever I start getting big boat lust,I pull these two articles out to remind me of two very important fundamental truths so eloquently stated by Larry Brown and Don Casey.One: "The use a sailboat gets is in inverse proportion to its size"Two: "The essence of sailing is that moment when all distracting thoughts are lost in a straight wake, when rudder movement is directed by the inner ear, when sail and heart swell in concert. To experience this magic you need only a slippery hull and a decent sail." When I keep these two items in mind,that big boat lust rapidly gets back under control.So if you are having problems with big boat lust, try reading these articles.I think it may help. 
urlLink Sailing Small- Sailboat Restoration and Repair People always say that sailing is a "rich mans" sport.If you look at Cruising World, or Sailing World, or at most of the new boats that you see at a boat show, you would think so.I mean really,who can afford some of the monsters that they feature.These bigger 35+ foot babies will set you back $150k+ ( heavy on the plus depending on the builder).Add in insurance, slip fees, maintenance, etc.... well it certainly is a whole lot more than I can convince the spouse that we need to spend.However, you don't need to spendhuge sums of money to be able to sail.While this may take a bit more mechanical skill than a lot of us possses, this web site shows what you can do with a little imagination, some elbow grease, some time, and a relatively small investment in cash. It's an amazing transformation, check it out! 
urlLink United States Boat Shows - Annapolis Sail Boat Show 2004 Well, it's time to get ready for the annual pilgrimage to Annapolis and the "tribal" gathering.The first year Rebecca and I went to the show, and looked around at the crowds, the realization hit us... we really were associated with part of a demographic!Boy was that a shock for two people who took pride in thinking they were otherwise a marketers worst nighmare by being unassociated with any particular demographhic.If you have never been to Annapolis during the boat show, it's an amazing sight.There is every type of boat ranging from small inexpensive racing dinghies to multimillion dollar ocean cruising yachts, along with any type of equipment and all of the nautical nick nack's that you could ever want, on display and for sale at special reduced boat show prices! (I'm serious about the reduced prices, you can get some VERY good deals).And if you didn't bring the cash, not to worry- the banks are there ready to fiance your purchases.You can even get a new Volvo to drive home in! Well, it's only a matter of time before we REALLY become full fledged members of the demographic.The problem is there are just so many boats, and so little money :-).
urlLink CTS-Catalina 250One of the possibilities for "Boat 2" is a Catalina 250.urlLink Catalina Yachtsprovides information about the Catalina 250, but this site is a virutal cornucopia of information about the Catalina 250 that you can not get from a sales brochure.While it still doesn't provide a definitive answer to the question, "what should Boat 2 be?" that I'm wrestling with, it sure does provide some helpful data!Speaking of which.... have YOU found an answer to the question, "What is the best option for a new economical small cruising sailboat?"If you've come up with an answer, how about dropping me a line! 
urlLink Expanding the Scope of the National Emergency RelatingMovement of Vessels Into Cuban Territorial Waters This first fell into the "You have to be kidding" category. Then, after I read it, it fell into the " God, you HAVE to be kidding" category. After I read these two sections from the Presidential Proclamation signed by Geroge W Bush on 26 Februrary 2004 I sat in amazed disbelief. "Section 1. The Secretary may make rules and regulations governing the anchorage and movement of any vessel, foreign or domestic, in the territorial waters of the United States, which may be used, or is susceptible of being used, for voyage into Cuban territorial waters and that may create unsafe conditions, or result in unauthorized transactions, and thereby threaten a disturbance of international relations. Any rule or regulation issued pursuant to this proclamation may be effective immediately upon issuance as such rule or regulation shall involve a foreign affairs function of the United States. " Sec. 2. The Secretary is authorized to inspect any vessel, foreign or domestic, in the territorial waters of the United States, at any time; to place guards on any such vessel; and, with my consent expressly hereby granted, take full possession and control of any such vessel and remove the officers and crew and all other persons not specifically authorized by the Secretary to go or remain on board the vessel when necessary to secure the rights and obligations of the United States." I spent the better part of the first half of my professional life as a naval officer combating the Soviet communist threat. I never have had any desire to visit communist Cuba, not do I plan on doing so in the near future. In fact, any thing that helps further the defeat of a communist regimewould normally sound like a pretty good idea to me. This, however, is one of those exceptions. The implications of this Proclamation are actually frightening.Look at it like this.From Key West to Cuba is about 90 nautical miles- an easy sail for most cruising sailboats, and manageable by micro cruisers like a West Wright Potter 15 or open dinghies like my Flying Scot with some preparation. Under the provisions of this proclamation, the government can sieze *ANY* vessel that is *potentially* capable of reaching Cuba that is located in *ANY* US territiorial water at *ANY* time at the governments discretion.Not only that, the government can sieze the crew and detain them without warrant.When you consider all the coasts, rivers, and lakes that constitutes US territoral waters, we're talking about a whole lot of water across the US most of which is no where near remotely close to Cuba.Pretty open ended basis for search and siezure. Last time I looked at the Bill of Rights to the Constitution, the 4th Ammendement still said: "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized." I'm beginning to wonder about this "War on Terror". What do we need to fear more? What the terrorists are planning to do, or what those who are "proctecting" us from the terroists are actually doing. 
urlLink The Joy Of Small-Boat SailingJack London is best known for his books about stories of adventure and the struggles of man and nature,Most famous for novels like "The Call of the Wild, White Fang, and The Sea-Wolf, and short stories, such as "To Build a Fire" and "The White Silence." , he was an avid sailor and owned several vessesls; the Razzle Dazzle; the Spray; the Snark; the Minota, and the Roamer. In this article, from the August 1, 1912 issue of "Country Life in America"he talks about small boat sailing and how it make sailors.A sailor is, as London describes, "the man who will take a fabric compounded of wood and iron and rope and canvas and compel it to obey his will on the surface of the sea."Small boats today are mostly fiberglass and aluminium, and nylon and Dacron, but I'd like to think he would write the same thing about small boats and sailors today that he wrote about over 90 years ago.
urlLink Welcome to Operation LifesaverCarnage on the Rails- more rail crossing accidents this weekend that did not have to be. Operation Lifesaver is a national non profit program first founded by the American Assoication of Railroads, Amtrak, and the Railway Progress Institute designed to teach rail crossing safety, promote active enforcement of traffic laws at crossings, and improved crossing guard technologies in an attempt to prevent crossing accidents. Why is an oganization like this important? Okay, Lets talk about stupidity, I don't just mean simple stupidity, but stupidity that makes a rock look like it was Albert Einstein!What am I talking about?I'm talking about the idot who tries to run a railroad crossing when a train is approaching.You're in you're car, approaching a marked and gated railroad crossing when the crossing lights begin to flash red and the crossing arm begins to come down.What do you do? If you're a normal person, you slow to a stop, wait until the train passes, the crossing arm goes up,the light stops flashing, and then proceed with caution.But if you're one of the intellectual heayweights who has pea gravel for a brain, (assuming you have a brain and aren't already a zombie) you accelerate then swerve around the lowering gate. If your lucky you make it to the other side. If you are not so lucky, the last sound that might penatrate through to what ever it is (or soon to be was) that passes for your brain you'll hear before you and your vehicle get crushed like an aluminum beer can by the on coming train is the blarring locomotive horn. The train crew will throw on the emergency brakes, but at 55 mph it will be over a mile before they bring the train skiding to a halt further along down the track.And don't worry about your survivors bearing the expense of an open casket funeral, when the rescue crew aririves, they might actually be able to scrape enough of you out of and off of the wreckage of your vehicle for the mortician to do something with. While there is some grim humor in this, unfortuately this scenario is ALL to real.Working at the Federal Railroad Administration, I get to see fatality reports for all crossing accidents in the United States and by and large they all similar to this. These reports don't have to happen and Operation Lifesaver is working hard to help try to prevent them.With your help they can succeed- support them!Look, Listen, Live!
urlLink US Sailing - Online Sailing Course and LessonsOnce again the news has another story of the gene pool working to cleaning itself with a boating accident.As usual, it invovled people getting themselves into a situation beyond their capabilities due to a lack of training and experience.And every time it happens, it puts other people at riask.It never ceases to amaze me.In order to drive a couple thousand pounds of steel on the highway we require that a person have demonstrated at least a miniumn working knowledge of the rules of the road, and a modicum of vehicle handling capability.Yet when it comes to a sail or power boat, we usually don't require any sort of education or training before the person takes it out on the water.This is beginning to change at last in some states, where proof of training is required.However it's not always mandatory, and there is no uniform minimum standards.While this web site is no substuite for formal training and education, it does provide a minimum level of basic information about small boats, keelboats, crusing, windsurfing, and powerboats.More advanced formal training and education can be obtained from a number of places: US Sailing, the US Coast Guard Auxiliary and the US Power Squadron.It's cheap, it's fun, and it just might keep you from being a reduction in the gene pool.
urlLink Cape Hatteras Lighthouse Live Cam Shots - National Park Service, Cape Hatteras Group My wife's been on about the dangers of zombies recently. Although this is offically a "Lighthouse Cam", isn't it a bit suspicious that this part of Cape Hatteras is known as the Graveyard of the Atlantic.Could the National Park Service have set this Web cam up as part of a covert government effort to provide an early warning system of an invasion of the undead from the sea?Maybe the National Park Service is really the public cover for a secret government agency dedicated to the detection and eradication of the undead, and that the US government knows something we don't?Regardless of the presence of the undead, or lack thereof, it's still a nice view.
					 						 surely it was last saturday 2 days ago......are there lots of saturdays in one week?have i done something to offend the Saturday Gods that they should want more saturdays?is there gonna be a saturday tomorrow too?cos idon'tthink i can manage another one......one is plenty...has anyone noticed how these days are just flying by? and no cracks about age puhleeze....i ironed on lots of transfers on t-shirts bags and aprons last night ready for todays .ahem!.RUSH..in the shop. well-i can hope! anyway-if i say so myself they look dam good.and its not raining.....						 
					 						well-it is the summertime...who said it had to be sunny.monsoon conditionsout there in the garden and the cats..o yes-the cats-8 of 'em..you'll meet them soon enough..are all sat at the open window(the one with the mesh on so they cant get out but they can get air)jostling for the best position....... *sigh* mind you-i'd rather have it raining and cool..than baking hot. no pleasing some people is there? and the reason you're reading this drivel? i dunno-but the reason i'm writing it...and i can't guarantee i'll keep it up..is i have 2 friends in america-i havent met them in person so they could be serial killers with computer privelidges for all i know....but they've started blogs and the only way i could make idiotic comments on their blogs was to start one myself. other wise i could've stayed anonymous and demanded money. anyway-friday-off to the shop..i'm trying to get people into my paintings which is hard cos i don't really like people.....so i suppose its like eating your greens-something ya have to do.o-and i don't do capital letters whe n i type.i'm not too good and punctuation either..... so sue me. 						 
					 						well......don't expect too much in the way of postings-i usually keep my websiteupdated with interesting things that are happening....... well?who are you?o-sorry!didn't i say? well...brief profile...i'm English.....i live in lincoln ,a city in the middle of England.....i paint for a living-i live with mike (a cartoonist)we've known each other since the beginning of time,and we think we're doing humanity a favour-its saving 2 other people!.....where was i? -well-visit my websiteurlLink http://mysite.wanadoo-members.co.uk/paintingsbyleabasonand find out more about the pictures! 						 
Well, hes out of the picture, and thats all i have to say about that:), I had an amazing day, first of all i didnt have to work lol so that was pretty sweet, umm i slept in for the first time in like forever, so definatly rocked my world, then i hung out with my joel, wooo havent seen him in a while so it was fun, then went swimming at ashleys, deeeadly (goggles) haha then went for a crazy walk at the irving nature park (5.1 km) hahahaha yeahhh not to crazy i guess, but it felt really good then went out to the mall did some window shopping haha friggin pumped to get paid, annnnnnnnd i totally have a new crush woooo, pretty pumped to see whats gonna happen so yeahhhh keeeep on readin:) 
so yeah, life sucks, i guess i already knew that, buuut its hitting me pretty hard right about now, did some stupid stuff, got some regrets, doesnt really bug me the only thing that bothers me is that i could of ruined so much, ill be so mad at myself if i did, but i can understand if he decides to, so pretty much i just like to fuck everything up, even if i didnt i still dont even know what i think, i know what i want, but maybe i dont want it at all, theres so many things stopping me from wanting it, faaack i dont even know what im talking about now, point of this entry, my life sucks and i want to move.
mmm its like midnight, and im so tired, but im so inspired im like sitting up here and i cant go to bed until i finish writing this poem, it started off with a really good idea but now, uggh i dont even know ive lost all the talent i thought i had at writing, i want it back!:(, i think i have to many thoughts going through my head, so everytime i get an idea it has to do with something different, i can never get anything to fit, just like it wont in my head, its stressing me out, i think i just need some sleep, or some better inspiration, i duno i think im just gonna go lie in my bed for a while, night
well, im sooo tired and dreading going to sleep cuz i have to work in the morning, ugggh, my throat hurts soo bad too this really sucks:(, tonight was pretty fun tho, hung out with ashley emily and adam! and then we went up to sj idol, so many ppl there, so many hott guys woooooo met up with addie and jodi, i love those girls but yeah it was a good time aside from that i did nothing all day, slept in right late didnt even get dressed till like 3, fack i need a new life, this one really sucks, but yeah i prob should get to bed, ahhhh hopefully "hes" working tomorrow;), woot woot, im out
Well, this is my first post, your first look into my life, be prepared, at times boring, sometimes fun, pretty confusing, I plan on writing a lot of my thoughts, and usually I don't even understand of em, so I don't expect u too either, but yeah, today's a Tuesday, I slept in the tent last night, got a cold, so now I'm sitting home alone, sick, and tired, it kinda sucks buuuut what can ya do, tomorrow should be fun tho, hanging out with my Emily!, haven't seen her in foooorever! Woo, tomorrows my last day off too until I go back to work:(, goooosh I hate work, except for the certain someone who works there;), hopefully he's working, ill let ya know lol, I get paid this Thursday too sooo that rocks, soo pumped to go shopping, anyone wanna come with, just lemme know, but yeah that's about it for tonight, pretty boring, get used to it lol, I'm out
My neat son just called me from DC to hear the horses hooves as the processional carrying President Reagan's body went past.It was strange because I was watching it on TV and they were going up a tree-lined path at the Capitol Bldg.When I called Steve back, he told me he was under the trees, away from the crowds.He's off to get in line for the viewing.What tales he'll be able to tell is grandchildren! 
I am sad over the loss of President Reagan.I believe he was just one of us who went on to change the world.I wish only the best for his family.I pray they may get through this sad time and know that the nation truly loved and appreciated him. 
I had to create this to be able to respond to my son's blogs.I hope I remember my address so I can come back and add more! 
Never paint your living room because it's never as simple as that.&nbsp; This past spring I decided to paint the grungy, fireplace smudged walls in my living room.&nbsp; So once summer came, and I had time to actually paint, I proceeded to my nearby paint store and brought home the pre-requisite 55 paint sample sticks.&nbsp; Needless to say, I could not decide which color to use, so my mother suggested I call a designer who could come up with a plan for my living space that I could work toward in order to have the Martha Stewart room.&nbsp; I met with Donielle and she said a plan would be ready within a week.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well,&nbsp;I needed to paint the walls, but Donielle was still planning my room, so I called her twice and finally pinned her down on a color , which turned out to be a two color, ragged-on paint application in my lovely large 25 X 14 room.&nbsp; I worried and fretted over this two step process, until my sister finally showed me how this was not brain surgery and I could always re-do anything I messed up, so one week later my walls look great, but unfortunately, this aggravated my carpal tunnel symptoms, so now I'm looking at surgery sometime in August.&nbsp; Anyhow, back to the living room,&nbsp;&nbsp;I have now waited four weeks, and have no plan from Donielle, BUT my mother suggested I change the carpet to a lovely green.&nbsp; I did, and she was right!&nbsp; And not because she is always right, but this time she is actually right.&nbsp; Because the carpet is green and the walls are a darker shade than before, I need to change the curtains, and buy a new beige leather chair, as the blue stuffed chair I have is too dark, add a ficus tree in the corner, and order an upholstered bench for under the window.&nbsp; Oh, and because the living room is&nbsp; connected to the kitchen, I'll need to change the wallpaper in there, because it has no green.&nbsp; When I moved the furniture into the kitchen to have the carpet installed, my linoleum stretched, so now I need new.&nbsp; I'm thinking a wood laminate might be nice.&nbsp; Also, my foyer now seems too light, so I'll probably have to hire a painter to paint it since I cannot reach up into the stairwell to paint.&nbsp; So, like I said, never paint your living room.
I've been gifted!I have been struggling with an idea that came to me for a book colaberation with my sister, and this morning, while watching Metallica on Head Banger's Ball, it came to me!Can't wait to write it out! Another exciting revelation is that Metallica has a movie coming out in theaters in a couple weeks! It's called "Some Kind of Monster"!I was bouncing in my seat at the news!Well, time to don a ponytail and running shoes to run with Madre !3.5 miles this morning.
Ah, the Nike shoe.I sing its praises!The new pair I own are absolutely wonderous!My feet have been converted to Nike-ism from the cultish Avia organization.I have witnessed to my family and have made believers of my father and sister.Both have tried on my shoes, and as soon as their feet slid inside, their raptorous expressions told me that their soles had been comforted.Though my dad's feet were a bit too big to fit properly, trying on my shoe made him want to convert from his long time alliance with New Balance, and my sister is converting from her support of Adidas. Oh, ho, ho brother. I enjoy my shoes, but I really didn't intend to write that bit of evangalistic advertising for Nike.It just started, and I had fun writing it. (shrug) I went to Hot Topic and bought laces to go with my shoes for the Fun Run in Austin at the end of August.I got pink cammoflage to match my pink and silver Nike Shox.They say, yeah, I may be wearing pink, but I'm no delicate flower.Well, maybe they don't.I just thought they'd look cool.Actually I laced up one of my shoes, and the laces are just barely long enough.You can't hardly tell it's a cammoflage theme.Oh well. Another thing I wanna wear in the run is a pink and white ball cap with a pink Superman symbol on the front.Or would it be Superwoman?I may end up getting the hat tomorrow. I am so looking forward to the run!My sister and future bro-in-law will be there!There's gonna be a free concert and they're trying to get in the Guiness Book for the most clowns gathered for an event.Most runners will be in costume.I'll be in pink.
Well, 'tis the 4th of July, and I'm celebrating by sipping on a Michelob Ultra, and typing words out into space.Actually, I celebrated earlier by meeting a bunch of people I don't know, who used their powers of persuasion and a frozen margarita to get me to play Twister with them.Well, no that's wrong.Those people didn't persuade me.My cousin Eric did, by asking me politely.I accompanied Eric tonight, because he wanted to know if a girl he likes is playing games with him.He thought that if I was there, I could observe and be able to tell him what's going on in her mind.Of course I can.I didn't have to observe for long. This young lady, is most definitely playing games.She laid on the flirting pretty big tonight, however, when questioned this morning about her feelings, she replied that she didn't know if she liked him or not.Brother.I don't like this girl.Eric may be a crazy monkey at times (and loveabley so), but he's a grown-up, and this girl isn't.Oh, ages!I should mention that I am the oldest of the group at 26.Eric is 24 next month and I think his interest is around 22.Well, to continue, I'll correct myself by saying that I don't dislike her.It's just that she's wrong for Eric.It'll take up too much space for me to give reasons why. Anyhow, I was asked to play Twister and so I slipped off my sandals, rolled up the legs of my jeans a bit, and stood ready.After all, I'm a flexible person, I could do well in the game if I wanted, but not a minute into the game, I didn't want to.I was uncomfortabley close to a guy I wasn't impressed with.On right foot red, he turned to me and said "Uh-oh, someone's going to get an ass in the face!"I thought, "The hell I am." and faked a fall on my butt.The last thing I'll do is willingly tolerate someone's ass in my face. Well, after that I had dinner with the group, and played a game of Taboo before I left.Eric walked me to the car.We're making plans to hang out in a couple weeks.Also, there are plans for us to go Houston on Aug. 6th, to meet with my sister and her fiance to go the Evanescence concert in the Woodlands.I don't have much in the way of concert clothes, so I went to Hot Topic yesterday and got an asymetrical, blue and black shirt with a silver skull and cross bones on one shoulder.I think that, with black pants and black shoes, should put me in proper concert mode.Well, my headache's getting bigger and the alcohol didn't help.TTFN! Diane PS:Welcome to rant_and_rave.com!
This time there were no bells to wake us at 5:30am.Sigh ... I will miss the bells.Gary took us to the train station in Koblenz so we could catch the 6:45 train to Frankfurt Airport.We had all our luggage with us and it was a pain getting it all on the train and even then, the train was packed and there was nowhere to sit.Tom and I stood up in the doorway area of the train for the 75 minute trip.And they charged us full fare ... which doesn't seem right ... but oh well ... we made it.Once at the airport though, things went very smoothly.Because we were flying Business Class we didn't have to wait in the long lines with everyone else ... we got to go to our own special line and it only took a few minutes to get checked through.The rest of the time we got to spend in the Admiral's Club and that was so nice and relaxing.Coffee and juices and rolls and snacks for the taking.Comfort and luxury!On the plane we once again had the wonderfully spacious and comfortable seating ... mimosas before takeoff ... our plane left at 10:50am Germany time and arrived at DFW at 2:40pm Dallas time.It was an 11 hour flight overall, I believe ... but it went very well.It was good to be home.Robbie was there when we walked in.The kitties were there to ignore us.The lawn was overgrown.But the house was spotless and the pool looked really good.We were home. 
Today is a LONG travel day.WE are served another lovely breakfast by our hostess.This has been a wonderful B&B and if anyone is headed for Edinburgh, I'll get you the info for it!Book early!!The Taxi picks us up at about 10:00 am and takes us to the train station.We have to take a train back to Glasgow then catch another train out to Prestwick Airport. I'll say it again ... the train system in Scotland is AWESOME!!Very Impressive.Once at Prestwick we had time for a few beers and lunch before we had to get in line for our 4:30 flight.At 2:40 there still wasn't a line, and there should have been so we checked with the desk and found out the flight had been changed to 8:30 that night!!Yikes!!Suddenly we had tons of time to kill and even I couldn't drink beer for that whole time!Luckily, Monica had her Kniffle game with her so we had several rounds of that then we all settled into our books for awhile. We didn't get very good seats for the return flight to Germany.The plane was jam-packed and there was NO leg-room. It was pretty miserable ... but we made it.Then we had to climb into Monica's car and drive back to Koblenz.We arrived back at Gary's at about 12:30am and proceeded to unpack and repack as Tom and I were headed back to the states in just a few hours!We managed to get all the purchases packed and everything ready to go and fell asleep at about 1:30 am. 
Slept like a LOG.It felt so good!!Breakfast at 8:00am ... cooked to order and served in an elegant setting.There are only 2 rooms at this B&B and the other couple are eating later.Our hostess is very friendly and talks us to death.I felt bad letting her wait on us hand and foot ... but it also felt good!!Taxi came at 8:50 to take us to the Castle where we will catch the bus tour.The bus ends up being pretty big but Tom and I end up behind the driver and our seats are really cramped ... especially mine.The driver is a riot and keeps a running monolouge through the entire trip. It is an all day trip with our first stop at Loch Lomond where we catch a boat tour of the Loch.The area is beautiful and the Loch is huge.Many castles on it have been converted to resorts and even a hostile!It felt great to be out on the water. We then stopped in a small town for lunch and then it was off to Stirling Castle.We didn't actually go through the castle ... Tom and I just wandered through the shops and enjoyed the sun and the breeze and the view of the Tussocks.Sometime during this trip Michael stopped the bus so we could all meet Hamish.Hamish is a large shaggy Bull with big long horns and he and Michael seem to have a wonderful friendship.Michael bought some fruit to feed him and whenever Hamish heard Michael's voice, there he went.It was pretty cool to watch.We returned to Edinburgh at about 6:30 PM and went back to our B&B's to clean up a bit.Our hostess had recommended a few Indian Restaurants nearby so we chose to walk to one of those.The food was even better than the meal we had in Glasgow and the food even more plentiful ... but the bill was half, for some reason.We then wandered all around the Holy Corner area looking for a pub but there wasn't one to be found.So with tears in our eyes we retired to our respective B&B's for the night.Heavy sigh. 
Slept pretty well considering the size of the bed!Still avoided the haggis for brekky.Packed up our luggage and checked out of our hotel.Hiked to the train station and caught the train for Edinburgh.The train stations in Scotland are wonderful as are the trains.Everything seems new and modern and I was most impressed!The scenery between Glasgow and Edinburgh was lovely and the trip seemed to go quickly.Once in Edinburgh we got a taxi to our B&B's.We had to stay at 2 different ones this time but they were at least on the same street.Tom and I got out at the first B&B the taxi came to and sent Gary and Monica on to the other one.Ours turned out to be in a very old residence which has been fixed up wonderfully.Our room was to die for!!A huge bed!!And a gigantic gorgeous bathroom!!WOW!!I didn't want to leave the place!!But Tom and I walked up to Gary and Monica's place.Theirs was also very nice but where ours was modern, theirs had a country feel to it.We walked up to Holy Corner and caught a bus towards the castle.Our first goal was the HARD ROCK CAFE so that Gary could add to his collection of pins and t-shirts from Hard Rocks across the world!WE had lunch there ... finally a good salad!They had the Eric Clapton Signature Edition T-shirt that I had been looking for so I got one for me and one for Robbie.Then we were off to Edinburgh Castle.We didn't actually go in the castle but we did go into the tartan weaving mill right beside it.This place was huge and had even more Mackinnon stuff in it!!Tom bought me a cashmere sweater and ordered one for himself.They make them there!We all booked a bus-trip to Loch Lomand and Stirling Castle for the next day while there, too.Then Tom and I went across the street to a place where they had Scotch tastings.We caught a bus back close to Holy corner ... the buses in Scotland are not at all rider-friendly ... and made it back to our lovely B&B.Rested and read for awhile then met Gary and Monica for dinner. Had a nice meal at a place called The Parrot.Laughed and ate and drank and enjoyed the company.That big bed kept calling to me, though so it was an early evening for us! 
Met Gary and Monica downstairs for the Scottish breakfast.I did avoid the Haggis ... but all else was good ... even the baked beans.No idea why they have baked beans for breakfast, but oh well!Our plan for the day consisted of catching a double-decker-open-top bus tour of Glasgow so we wandered on down to George's Square where the tours originate.This was quite a walk in itself, but on the way I snagged a couple of coffee mugs which reminded me of Jaime and Claire and would make the perfect gift for Susan, the lady watching Robbie for us.I am very pleased with that purchase and sure hope Susan likes them!During our walk to the bus, the sky opened up and poured on us a couple of times.Then the sun would come out.Then it would rain again!Same thing happened while on the 70 minute bus tour around Glasgow. The rain and cooler temps didn't bother us a bit.Everyone around us seemed to take it as par for the course, too.No worries.I must say, it is really nice to be back in a country where English is the main language.After the bus tour we stopped for lunch in a pub and beers of course!Then Gary and Monica went one way while Tom and I went another.We had spotted a place that sold kilts and all the accessories and Tom wanted to look for a sporan for his formal kilt attire.They also had lots of Mackinnon this and that stuff so we had a good time shopping.We also bought some more books and then went back to the B&B to relax before dinner.Gary, Monica, Tom and I all went out to an Indian Restaurant for dinner.We ordered way too much food but still tried to eat it all!It was really good.Monica is a vegetarian so Indian is a popular choice with her.Me too!We walked off the meal a bit and then retired for the night. 
Awoke to the Bells gone Wild again ... home sweet Koblenz.Still more laundry to complete.Tom ventures out one last time for breads and pastries.This time he brought back some really yummy pastries with cream cheese and big strawberries covered in a sugar glaze.The best pastries yet!While the last load was drying ... up to a 3 hour process ... Tom and I took one last walk along the rivers and bought our final German gifts.One last stop at the biergarten where I actually had the best schnitzel of the trip, in my opinion!A few final German biers.Sigh.It was so HOT out.Very odd for that time of year there.In fact, according to the papers it was cooler in Texas than it was in Koblenz that week.Koblenz was in the low 90's and that is really hot for there.And no one has AC!But also according to the papers, Scotland was going to be cool!Gary got home mid-afternoon and Monica showed up shortly thereafter.We all piled into her car for the drive to Frankfurt-Hahn airport ... a smaller airport outside Frankfurt.We got there hours early for a 7:30 flight.The earlier you get there, the better chance of snagging a good seat.Our goal was the exit-row seats ... and we managed to do it!Yeah us!!It was a 2 hour flight to Scotland and we landed at Preswick Glasgow airport ... an airport that is over an hour by train away from Glasgow. It was 50 degrees and raining and that felt wonderful to me!As the train pulled out of Preswick we saw we were on a beach area and then Tom and Gary spotted the Golf Courses ... gorgeous Golf Courses.Troon was the first one we saw but there were many more as the train headed inland towards Glasgow. I didn't want to go inland ... I wanted to stay by the sea ... sigh ... but our B&B was in the heart of Glasgow ...Anyway ... the B&B was like a hotel ... 65 rooms!The bed was small ... the bathroom smaller ... but it's all good.The manager pointed us to the nearest pubs and warned us to be aware of the hill.Man was he right ... felt like we were in San Francisco!A very steep hill down to the street where all the pubs and cafes and shopping was.We found a place to have a few beers then staggered back up the hill and off to bed. 
More Ice Water on the buffet!!They have other stuff, too, you know?But Ice Water was my main attraction!Sad, isn't it?We pack our bags for the return trip to Koblenz.We have to take a train to Koln (Cologne) and then change trains to get to Koblenz.The train from Amsterdam to Koln was another ICE and once again very comfortable.We missed our train to Koblenz when the ICE got delayed by a freight train ... but the next train came along in a short time ... still no time to see the cathedral in Koln.Gary met us, still dressed in his clothes from work.We got back to Gary's and all changed.Gary opened a bottle of Champagne and we toasted to travels and friendship.Then I started on the laundry while Gary went in search of steaks to grill out. We drank champagne and beers and scotch and ate salad and pork steaks.I continued with the laundry as we all were leaving the next day for 4 days in Scotland!Essentially this was our last night in Koblenz.It was hot inside Gary's place so we hung out on the balcony listening to music and talking and imagining the lives of the people we saw through the windows across the way.Luckily, Gary had a couple fans in his apartment so we slept pretty well ... 
Tom and I both woke to the sounds of shattering glass bottles at 4:00am (and daylight, no less) as the recycling trucks made the circut of the cafes around the square.Neither of us had slept very well.People do like to party on Sunday nights around here!!Plus the covers were too heavy and the temp was a bit warm.We both tried to go back to sleep, but Monday mornings must be recycling collection mornings as garbage trucks just kept coming.So we showered and read and then headed down for breakfast.The main thing I spotted on the breakfast buffet was a pitcher of wonderful, clear, crisp, ICE WATER!!!There was a mad dash from all directions for that pitcher!!One woman stood there filling one glass while chugging another until the original pitcher was empty.Luckily they brought more or there might have been a murder!We hadn't seen actual ICE in WATER in over a week!Yummmmmm .....Our plan for the day was to see the Van Gogh Museum, my main reason for wanting to go to Amsterdam. We hopped a bus outside our hotel and managed to get fairly close to the museum area.Walked the rest of the way.The day was warm and sunny.The museum itself was actually kind of disappointing.It did have a lot of Van Gogh's personal artifacts and some history and paintings I had been unaware of .... but none of my favorite Van Gogh works were there.I guess that kinda makes sense.Other big famous museums and private art owners probably have the most famous pieces.His "Sunflowers" was there along with several self-portraits.Lots of very dark early pieces.We bought some prints and souveniers from the gift shop ... but once again, the selection seemed to be limited by the actual paintings featured in this museum.There was another big art museum nearby, but it was closed for renovation.There were lots of little shops along the walkway and I had a nice time picking up items here and there for people at home.We caught a bus back to our hotel ... dumped our stuff there and grabbed our books and headed back to our Irish Pub.There we settled in for an afternoon of reading and relaxing and drinking beer!I was in heaven!!There was always some kind of street musician ... from Violinist, to accordianist, to guitar and saxist ... entertaining and then passing the hat. We listened to the people around us and just inhaled the atmosphere.Luckily, neither Tom nor I feel like we always have to be going and doing!!And I am so glad.We asked for a fun at the front desk and happily they were able to comply!!So I took a little nap while Tom wandered the streets of Amsterdam.Our friend, Gary, had recommended that we try to have Indonesian Food while in Amsterdam.They serve a meal called a Rijsttafel which is basically a buffet of tastes brought to your table ... dish after dish after dish.Luckily, the restaurant was only 2 doors down from our hotel so that we could roll back there!Actually, we walked around the square a couple times then settled at our Hotel's sidewalk cafe for coffees.All in all it was a very relaxing day in Amsterdam.The area outside our hotel was not as noisy on Monday night and so we slept a little better.The fan helped, too.
I heard the dogs barking but Monica shushed them very quickly so we went back to sleep for a couple more hours.Monica had coffee and a lovely breakfast prepared for us.The plan for today is for Gary and Monica to drive us into Koln(Cologne) where Tom and I will catch a train to Amsterdam.The scenery everywhere is just so beautiful.Quaint villages nestled into fields and valleys.So many shades of green in the forrests and the fields.All the villages seem to have white or cream homes with brown trim and brown roofs and everything looks "just so".People have lived here for centuries and you get a sense of that as you travel along.There are also many castles .... some in ruins and some which have been repaired ... perched on the sides of tall hills ... usually overlooking the rivers.It is easy to imagine the fairy tales that were composed here.Easy to imagine them being true!The Koln train station is huge and wonderful.Right next to it is a very old cathedral which we hoped to get to see inside if we have time before our train.Sadly .... the line was so long to get tickets that by the time we bought them we had nearly missed our train!We rushed our good-byes and Tom and I took off for the Netherlands!The train we rode in was called an ICE and it was very nice.The car we were in was nearly empty so we got the prime seats ... facing each other with a big table in between us.Stewards rolled carts along selling beer and coffee and water and snacks.Tom and I put our feet up ... opened our books and just enjoyed reading and watching the scenery go by.I forget how long the trip was ... more than a couple hours ... but it went by quickly.On a side note ... bathrooms in Europe quite often cost money to get into.Always have change with you!!But on the trains they are free and always nearby which is very nice. Bathrooms in Europe are also quite often inaccesible to the handicapped.Usually they are down several flights of narrow stairs ... especially if you are in an old restaraunt or pub.If you have trouble going up and down stairs ... be forewarned!On another side note ... the EURO is a wonderful thing.It is so nice to be able to travel from country to country and not have to worry about the exchange rates for money.If you are planning to go to Europe, we learned that it is best to leave most of your cash at home and just use an ATM card to withdraw cash in whatever country you find yourself.That way you get the best exchange rates available at the time.Now if only the UK would convert to the Euro.They are still dealing in Pounds.WE arrived in Amsterdam and located a Tourist Information Office in the train station.There we were able to get a bus pass and book a hotel room and get maps of the city.Up to this point, Gary had been our guide and our interpretor ... but in Amsterdam we were on our own.Tom has been to Amsterdam before on a couple of occasions so he knew of a hotel he wanted to stay with.Luckily, there was room at the Hotel Schiller on Rembrantplein ... a grassy square with a statue of Rembrant in it.The bus system was easy to use and the maps easy to follow.Hotel Schiller is an old Art Deco hotel ... beautiful inside and overlooking all the outdoor cafes and coffeehouses on the square.Our room is small and the bathroom is smaller ... but we will be okay!Everyone in Amsterdam seems to speak several languages ... at least the people in the service industries do!Tom and I wandered around the Rembrantplein and eventually settled in yet another Irish Pub where I ordered a Trappists beer.The waitress asked if I wanted a double or a triple ... so I said triple, thinking she meant the size of the glass.She looked me up and down, trying to decide if I could handle it I guess ... then she asked me if I knew what a double and a triple were.She explained the the "Dubel" is a dark beer with a little over 6% alcohol.The triple is lighter in color but with about 8.5% alcohol.She decided that maybe a Dubel was the best option for me.I guess I looked like a lightweight???Anyway ... the dubel was wonderful and I ordered it wherever I could from then on.Tom and I then wander here and there, hither and yon, checking out the atmosphere, mostly.Coffehouses in Amsterdam can legally sell marijuanna and hash, in case you didn't know that.They actually hand you menus when you walk in with their selections.We stopped in one that also had internet access so that I could email Robbie.I also had a cappacino.Most of these coffeehouses are really small ... 2 or 3 seats inside is all that will fit.Any they sure smell like what they sell ... and I'm not talking coffee here!We tried to get into an Indonesian Restaurant but all required reservations ... so we made reservations for the next night and had Italian instead. Then we retired to the room but left the windows open to listen to the sounds of the city ... 
I have yet to suffer a hang-over ... and I am very glad about that!!We breakfast at Gary's and then Tom and I pack our smaller suitcases and we all head out to Monica's Village for the weekend.From there, Tom and I will go to Amsterdam for a couple days.Monica lives near the Ahr River which is home to many steep vineyards and lots of winerys.Here is a link to pics from there ... http://www.chezjag.net/altenahr/altenahr.htmlWe dropped off our bags at Monica's house and met her 6 Bearded Collies which live with her.Quite a troop!She has recently done a lot of remodeling of her house including a most impressive guest bathroom!She lives in the house her father built for her family when she was a little girl.From there we venture off into Wine Country on the train and do some wine tasting and take a nice long hike along the Ahr River ending up at a gasthouse and having lunch there. We take the train back to Monica's village and a couple hours later Gary and Monica take us to one of their favorite places for dinner.After dinner we play Kniffle (Yahtzee) and Monica and I kick the men's butts! Once seated at a table in Europe, it is your table for the night.People often take their time eating and drinking and bring games to play and drink some more.Very relaxing.We walked back to Monica's where she served us dessert and Tom and I tried to figure out which dog was which.Monica warned us that the dogs would wake us up very early ... all of them barking and insisting on being fed and let outside.We assured her that, even though cats don't bark, they have their own way of being insistant in the morning ... so we would be okay.
Slept until the Bells Gone Wild woke me up at 8:45am.Finished the laundry.Tom ventured out for more breakfast treats ... the great white hunter, tee-hee.After breakfast we ventured back down to the rivers in search of souveniers for friends and family back home.Lots of little kiosks along the rivers.There are huge river cruise ships that travel the length of Europe and many of these boats dock at Koblenz to pick up supplies and let passengers tour on land.I had my first street vender Brat on a Brochen and it was really good.We bought a few things from the various stands and one of the vendors gave me a shot glass with my purchase ... I was touched!Then we settled at the Biergarten by the Moselle and drank beers and listened to the people around us and watched the boats go by on the river. We wanted to take a river cruise ... just a day cruise up the Rhine but we were never able to work it in.We have a pub crawl scheduled for tonight so I decide to take a nap so that I can hang with the big boys tonight.While I slept, Tom wandered around the city some more.Gary got home around 5 ... fixed us glasses of Scotch on the Rocks (I could get used to that treatment!) and then he ventured out to by Brats to cook on the grill.He returned with a Six pack of really good beer and a bunch of brats and brochen.So we grilled and drank and laughed and ate and listened to some great tunage on Gary's Satellite connection.There is a station out of England called Gaydar Radio ... they play really good stuff! Finally it is time to venture out to Gary's Friday night routine which starts at an Irish Pub in his neighborhood.There are 3 seats right at the bar so we take those.The bartender is Irish and is happy to pour us 3 Guinesses ... he even carves little shamrocks into the foam for us. We strike up a conversation with him and he is very entertaining talking about how he ended up in Germany and life in Ireland and all kinds of topics. The Guiness flowed.Then two young men came up to the bar and stood next to me and ordered 2 beers in German.The bartender looked at me and said "Americans" and tilted his head their way.So I leaned over and asked the closest young man if he was American.He was surprised ... I told him the bartender knew immediately.I told him I was from Texas and he said he was here on an exchange program from a small engineering school on the East coast.I asked which one and he said "Westpoint"! So I asked him if he was one of the cadets that Gary Allen had met in Munich on Monday.He said "No!But do you know Gary Allen?"I said sure ... he is here with us tonight (but he was in the toileten at the time). They were shocked!They had been given a pic of Gary (in scuba gear, of all things) and were told to look him up if they needed anything in Koblenz.They were like ... "He's Here??Right Now??"I said we were staying with him and that he and Tom were best friends who met at Westpoint Prep School.Then the bartender butts in and says "Are you boys looking for Gary Allen?"And they were shocked ... "YOU know Gary Allen, too?Does EVERYONE know Gary Allen?"Gary and Tom finally return from the WC and everyone shakes hands and drinks to a small world.It was pretty amazing.And I am sure those cadets think that Gary is THE MAN.Gary actually coordinates the exchange program for the Westpoint cadets.It was a very cool occurance.We stayed at the Irish Pub a lot longer than Gary normally does .... it was 11:30 when we finally left. We went to the next place on Gary's route and sat out on the patio and had a couple more beers ... but then I got the hiccoughs really bad ... which has never happened to me before.Gary proclaimed that we needed Pommes Fritz to soak up the beer and I totally agreed.We got a big paper cone filled with hot french fries covered with Mayo and catsup and boy were they GOOD!!We stumbled back to Gary's place and I crashed ... Gary and Tom sat out on the deck and talked into the wee hours of the morning. 
Gary had to go to work today so Tom and I are on our own.Tom went out to find breads and pasteries for breakfast.Bread needs to be bought fresh daily ... luckily there are several bakeries in Gary's area.I started a load of laundry ... Gary's washer and dryer are in the basement here.Thank goodness his building has an elevator!We basically hung out at Gary's today.One washer load takes 48 minutes ... and the dryer takes forever.I got online and emailed Robbie and Caroline ... just checking in on house and home and child!Gary's computer sits at a window that overlooks the rooftops and at one point I looked up and literally saw 2 chimney-sweeps up on the roofs cleaning chimneys!!I told Tom that if they started dancing and singing I was going to freak out!I hadn't even had a beer yet!They just went about their job ... but they were great fun to see.I think Tom got some video of them, but not sure.We did go grocery shopping ... also an experience.You have to bring your own bags and carry everything blocks and blocks back to the apartment.I'm not overly fond of city living to be honest ... but we sure are getting our exercise these days!!There is a big undeground Mall in Koblenz and that is where the grocery store is, believe it or not.I finally got to take a nap for a couple of hours ... very nice.Gary came home and poured us each a Scotch on the rocks.We drank and talked and then went out for dinner to a Schnitzel Haus.Great food!More pommes fritz ... yum!We walked back to Gary's and hung out on the balcony drinking beers and talking.Very nice.I tried to stay up to see the full moon over Europe, but it hadn't shown by 11:00 so I went to bed.I woke up at 3:00am and there it was ... bigger than life ... saw the face of the man in the moon clearly.Very cool!! 
Once again woke to sunshine and birds singing at 4:30am.Once again, happy to roll over and go back to sleep!One more wonderful breakfast and then we packed our bags to leave.When we met Gary in the lobby he informed us the car did belong to the cadets ... and it was dead.Luckily, he carries jumper cables, but I am sure he made them suffer some before he told them that!Gary had to lead the cadets to the place where they would be staying for 3 weeks.He took Tom and I to the train station in Erding and Tom and I took the train to Munich and then from there caught a train to Heidelberg. The train systems in Germany are rather confusing to me and really need to be updated with electronic boards stating when trains arrive or depart from unexpected tracks ... especailly for stupid foreigners.Once in Heidelberg, we stowed our luggage in a locker and took a bus to the castle.It started absolutely pouring ... and thundering and lightening.We drank more beer and tried to wait it out, but finally decided to try to see the castle.Tom thought there was a tram up to the castle from the square ... and there were signs that said there was one ... and we followed the signs and never found the tram.So we tried tramping up the hill to the castle ... a long, steep, cobblestone road ... rain pouring down.I wasn't really a happy camper at that point.I stopped at the first level of the castle and let Tom venture up countless stairs from there.When he got to the top they were actually charging money to get into the castle ... so he came back down.You'd think they would let you know that before you start out.Meanwhile, the rain stopped and I enjoyed the view of Hiedelberg from my post.Lovely.And wet.The downward trip was uneventful and we caught the bus to the train and the train to Koblenz.Gary, meanwhile, had been caught in a traffic jam for most of that time but was able to meet us at the train station. He wasn't in a pleasant mood!I can't remember what we did for dinner that night ... but I do know that I was early to bed! 
I awoke to birds singing at 4:30am.Happy to roll over and go back to sleep.Slept with the balcony doors and windows open ... once again no screens and no bugs! We met Gary downstairs for breakfast ... a buffet style setup ... included with the room.Like a B&B, I guess.The breads are wonderful and Tom and I are enjoying them ... SBD is out the window while we vacation.At least they are whole grains and no preservatives!!Yum ... 3 minute eggs on the buffet ... memories of my childhood at Nana's.I hate making them myself, but when someone else does it ... yeah!Gary is off to Munich Airport today to meet two Westpoint Cadets flying in for an exchange program.He will meet them and help them get a rental car and bring them back to our hotel.Meanwhile, Tom and I went out walking around Erding again ... we just wandered and looked at the old buildings and little shops and stopped in the outdoor cafe's for beers.We are drinking lots of beer and not much water.You have to buy water here, I'm not sure what is wrong with the tap water, if anything.Gary returned after lunch and he, Tom and I took the train into Munich.We walked and walked and I finally had to stop and buy a pair of socks to put on under my sandals ... I guess I hadn't broken them in as well as I had thought before we left for our trip.Blisters were forming on the inside of my foot where the sole met the edge of the sandal. I ended up stopping in a Foot Locker, of all places, and buying a pair of Michael Jordan socks as they we the thickest!But after that purchase and a couple of beers, I felt much better!!We drank those beers while waiting for the Glockenspiel to put on its show.That is the big clock in Munich square that has the mechanical pagaent played out when it chimes the hour.These days ... it only actually puts on the show a couple of times a day .... luckily, we got a good seat at an outdoor cafe that served beer!The Glockenspiel plays out the story of the Prince marrying a common woman from town.She wanted the townsfolk to be involved in the celebration and that was the beginning of Octoberfest.It runs for about 10 minutes ... and isn't over until the rooster crows!We walked from there to The Hofbrauhaus and had a few more beers there and listened to the polka band playing American music ... go figure.On the way back from the Haufbrauhaus we encountered a classical quartet playing under a bridge which supplied them with natural accoustics.They played a piece by Bach and I just stood there listening with tears flowing down my face.It was amazingly beautiful.Tom got it all on video ... I hope it has the same effect on video.Gary also shed a few tears while listening.It was so moving.We then moved on to anonther BierHaus for dinner.The food was wonderful ... and more beer! I am very fond of Pommes Fritz ... french fries!Forbidden on SBD ... so I ate them whenever I could in Europe!!Train back to Erding and Gary took pity on me and called a cab to take us back to the hotel.I wasted no time climbing into bed!Tom noticed a car in the parking lot with its lights on ... he mentioned he hoped it didn't belong to the cadets ... 
We woke to church bells.And rain.Today Gary needs to go towards Munich and we get to ride along.It is about a six hour drive and we are staying 2 nights in a town called Erding.Germany is so green and beautiful.Very clean, it seems to me.Lots of castles on hills and quaint towns near forrests.LOTS of farmland.And vineyards.Very pretty.The Autobahn had more traffic on it today but we still zipped along at a good clip.We stopped for lunch in a town called Ulm ... birthplace of Einstein and also the home of the worlds tallest church steeple.We had doner kebaps for lunch ... basically a pita sandwich ... and a beer.Then we toured the church with the tallest spire.The windows of the church were so beautiful ... but many had been damaged by bombs in WWII ... they had been repaired, but the repair was stained glass that seemed to show how the damaged windows looked after damage.Tom has video of it all.Three hours later we pulled into the Henry Hotel in Erding.What a great room!Big shower, fairly big bed, nice couch,very comfortable room!We settled in then went on a walking tour of Erding and ended up at the Erdinger Restaraunt.The food was German and good.The beer was awesome!!And the waitress had really big boobs which made Tom and Gary happy.I've decided that I really like the Trapists beers ... made by the monks as a meal replacement!It is dark and tasty and strong!Yum!!We wandered back to the hotel and settled in for the night.Night time darkness is only about 4 or 5 hours long this time of year in Germany.It seems full daylight at 4:30 in the morning ... that is hard to get used to! 
Gary met us in Frankfurt at the airport.He warned us to be ready for some low level flying as we climbed into his BMW.No kidding!The AutoBahn is awesome!We flew along ... the left lane is for passing only and people seem to respect that here!!WOW!It's 7:30 Sunday morning when he meets us and we arrive in Koblenz a little after nine.Tom and I unpack and shower and change and Gary has breakfast ready for us .... sliced cheeses and meats on bakery fresh rolls. And coffee.Gary's apartment is awesome.The front door to his building is situated in between a leather shop and a Biergarten!What a deal!He is on the top (4th) floor and he has windows everywhere with a view over the rooftops towards the Moselle River.Situated on a hill across the river he can see a Fortress which dates back to the year 1000 and is lit up at night.He has a great balcony from which to enjoy this view.Gary's apartment has been modernized in many ways and has great hardwood floors in some rooms and ceramic tiles in others.His taste for decoration is very ecclectic ... it shows he has traveled a lot!Persian rugs on the floors combine with some Southwestern decor.Lots of tchotchkies.Interesting!None of the windows have screens on them and Gary claims there are no bugs in Germany.There is also no AC so we keep the windows open and so we shall see about the bugs!Gary then takes us on a walking tour of his city.We head down to the Moselle River and walk along it to where it intersects the Rhine River at a place called German Corner.There is a huge statue here and lots of flags and tourists around.We stop in the Biergarten by the river and have a few beers sitting outside in the sunny breezy day.So nice!We continue with the walking tour then head back to Gary's.A short while later we head out to meet Gary's girlfriend Monica for dinner.She seems really nice.Monica is German but works for the US Embassy and her English is outstanding.We dine outside at an Italian Restaraunt on yet another river.Across the river are acres of vineyards planted on steep hills ... wine country.We return to Gary's apartment and settle in for the night.We share a couple more beers out on the balcony as we drink in the atmosphere.Church bells chime every 15 minutes and at 9:45 every evening they go crazy for 10 minutes .... ringing with no plan nor pattern.Bells gone Wild!Bells gone Crazy!!Then the 10:00 chimes and no more bells that night.By that time, Tom and I had been awake for over 24 hours and I was exhausted.So, even though it was still light out, I slept .... 
Tom and I were up early today ... bags packed and ready to go!We had a car come pick us up and take us to the airport ... that went smoothly.Check in also went well and then we got to hang out in the Admiral's Club, which was right across from our gate, until our flight.Very Posh.We had Bloody Marys and I used the internet to contact my SBD Fools.Very relaxing!The flight left on time at 2:30pm Texas time.WOW!Business Class is the way to travel!I have so much leg room ... I can stretch my legs all the way out and still not touch the back of the seat in front of me.The seats are multi-postional and come with their own TV's!!The Stewardess started us off with Mimosas!Yum!There is a little kit for everyone in Business Class with ear plugs, an eye mask, hand lotion, toothpaste and brush, breath mints, and socks!The menu choices were great ... but sadly, I can't remember what I had to eat!We were due into Frankfurt at 7:30 Sunday morning.It was a 10 hour flight ... but with the time change we basically flew through the night.Lots of people slept ... but Tom and I read and watched movies and listened to music.We drank lots of water and a few beers.It was really the most comfortable flight I have ever had.
..Plea For Judgementthis is one time when i won't be getting back up.on my kneeswould you bleed for me?in this tragic condition, nothing matters 'cept what was lostcaged insidedo we die tonight?show me what it is to be reali'm too alonetoo numb to feeland you and i were never much the same.on my kneeswould you take the blame? ..
i have this sneaking little suspicion that god is working in my life right now. circumstances are pushing me in a certain direction... not randomly as before. i just wish i knew which was i was being pushed, where i was going. cuz maybe then i could form a plan of action, build all my defensives up... make sure that by the time change comes i am ready to fight it off tooth and nail and go back to my habitual, painful, but ultimately comfortable ways.it was another one of those interminable days. i am really getting tired of being tired. you know? i hate being this way-- always leaning on everyone else, always needing them to save me. its not healthy. i know. but i don't want to change--- its so much easier to be a parasite. and sure i can pretend like i'm giving something back to you, but in the end it really comes down to me sucking you dry, feeding off of you until you have nothing left to offer. i love you too much for that. but i can't just cut myself off from you completely. i love you too much for that, either. its so goddamn disfunctional. tomorrow betsy and rick leave for moxville. tomorrow sarah and becky come over. tomorrow i get my permit(finally)tomorrow the world changes... or does it? or is it, too, stuck in a sick cycle... just spinning around, constantly recovering old ground... making the same mistakes over and over again. sick cycle carosel this is a sick cycle yah oh, but on a lighter note, the day really wasn't half bad. i'm just bitching to gain attention.hey, but at least i'm honest... sometimes.
her words give me panic attacks like elecrto-shock therapy... supposedly its healing but for the moment it might just make one even more insane. she's not even writing it to me and yet i know, deep down in that part of me that i sometimes call Concience... it was meant for me. that those words, although ostensibly written into the ether, are His lightning bolt into my heart.i'm still trying to pick myself up off the floor.its interesting, she always complains about her eyes being so unoriginal... just brown. maybe its because when she looks in the mirror, they never flash gold like they sometimes do when i look at her. those winks of recognition, of friendship, and maybe even more... of understanding. her eyes are as beautiful as Kelsey's-- whose always convey peace. it really is true that eyes are the windows into people's souls. which makes me wonder what my eyes show you... have you ever looked deep enough to find out? or do i always keep them half-lidded, like a window with venetian blinds half shut... so that you can see into the room,but only in small slivers-- never getting the full picture, never totally understanding.the two postcards were beautiful, they made me imagine i was right there... perfect. oh, but i forgot to tell her the truth... and i guess that's always the case. i shall give you clues, but never a straight answer, because if you figure me out too quickly, i might just have to turn around and face you. and be honest. and what a terrifying thing that would be. for me? for you? or for both of us? i'm not sure.
last night was relaxing.after we got home i temporarily stole chris's From Autumn To Ashes cd and put Short Stories With Tragic Endings on repeat... it was gorgeous. (and if you're thinking i'm a bad person b/c i stole the cd, keep in mind that he stole it from betsy who stole it from eric who stole it from...) that song is so perfect for right now. it fits in with the whole theme of my life. most fitting line: standing so close knowing that it kills me just to breathe you in how true. why is it that we always seem to gravitate to the things that hurt us most? its like we are just waiting to be burned so that we can turn around and say "i told you it would happen" therefore justifying our bitterness and defensiveness.what a disgusting cycle.i had a semi-fight with mom yesterday. she told me that basically, i was being a materialistic bitch who thought the entire world revolved around me and never spent time with my family... etc etc... however, this time instead of crying and screaming back at her and getting lost in the emotional upset, i was pretty calm. i told her basically that she was piling all of her discontent on me and blaming me for things that were not my fault and not true about me, simply for the fact that she new i would be honest with her. if she were to say the same things to either of them, they would just apologize and go right on doing what they do... i refuse to do that. i am far to stubborn to simply bow my head, and so i am always honest sometimes to the point of brutality. because of that honesty, its like she throws things at me subconciously so that she can see the affect. i told her all that... tho much more tactfully. she apologized actually apologized. to me! it was crazy. i almost died right then and there. put that one down in the history books i doubt it will happen again. i'm putting it mostly down to holiday stress. but walking out of the kitchen where we had been i had this glowing sense of victory. i love my mom but we will always be fighting in one way or another. maddie comes home in 5 days. i can't wait. i am so ready to see her again, and hope that the trip has been what she needed.you know what i've noticed lately? it can be very suprising to lean on someone who you thought was breakable and instead find them capable. suprising, but not really bad at all.
"oh, and Emma" he says, "Merry Christmas"excedrin. yes. whitney wonders, is this some inside joke? a very deep one, my dear. the kind to make my morning. i talk to rachel and for the first time i feel like i'm actually communicating, not conciously holding back.her eyes speak volumes.and its very hard to maintain a bad mood in sunshine.new years eve i know i'll be getting smashed. what else is there to do in this god-forsaken town? everyone comes here to party, and everyone who lives here is just waiting to leave. i'm self-destructive but be glad its slow... you know how i am when things get rushed.i told him all about the dreams"you dream very vividly" you have no idea. sometimes its better not to know whats coming... so that i don't have to live with that awful uncertainty until suddenly the worst comes and i'm left in its wake thinking "so THATS what it meant" fear is the mind-killer. fear is the little death... i will face my fear, i will let it pass through me... I will remain. i always had this terrible empathy with Lux from The Virgin Suicides, which is not very desirable factoring in her unfortunate ending. but something about her always wanted to make me cry.... because i understood. and no one else in that entire movie could figure out why they had to die, why it couldn't go on. but i do. i see. and it hurts.becky smiling at me saying "Emma, you're so pretty. like a picture"yah, pretty as a picture. thanks.it really is the small things that change one's mind. how could i leave them all? how could i give them all that pain... god knows they already have enough of their own. suicide is terribly selfish.
bring your laugh for just one night let your lips curve into that sweet vampyric kiss. dying hopes break like porcelain bowls-- blue-glazed denial and i lied to make you feel shamed, but you smiled and i tasted caramel candy death.
oh. did i forget to mention that i lied? sometimes silences can be so dreadfully misleading. you took my lack of responce for unnatention oh no, my dear i always listen to you. especially to things you never say. 
Always, known in, all my time, A little left of center now Reflect as I realize, That all I need is to find the middle pillar path to sit like the sun by a star in the sky and just be. Sinners, casting stones at meI... I stand, not crawling, not falling down I... I bleed the demons that drag me down I... I stand, (for nothing), not crawling, (the center), not falling down (of calms within the eye) I... I'll bleed, (for no one), The demons, (but myself), that pull me down (for me and no one else)Goodbye, sunshine, I've put it out again, sad I'm over, personalities, conflicting, I don't need you, or anyone, but me, I'll just be, living my own life I feel my glowing center grow, infecting I feel alive Shovel dirt over lime, plant it in myself to sit like a seed under covers of earth and just be Sinners, pointing fingers at meI... I stand, (for nothing), not crawling, (by myself), not falling down I... I bleed, (for no one), the demons, (but myself), that drag me down I... I stand, (for nothing), not crawling, (the center), not falling down (of calms within the eye) I... I'll bleed, (for no one), the demons, (but myself), that pull me down (for me and no one else)Come play kill Refuse my body, refuse my shadow Stond cold will Refuse to lead this, refuse to follow Bitter pills Refuse to feed this, refuse to swallow I'm fueled godlessCome play, come play KILL Just be, just beI... I stand, (for nothing), not crawling, (by myself), not falling down I... I bleed, (for no one), the demons, (but myself), that drag me down I... I stand, (for nothing), not crawling, (the center), not falling down (of calms within the eye) I... I'll bleed, (for no one), the demons, (but myself), that drag me down (for me and no one else) 
i really really wanted to talk to him today. but then, it wouldn't have worked out anyways... since betsy decided she wasn't just dropping me off. so maybe its better than just sitting there sipping our coffee, goofing off and wasting all the precious minutes. i really really wanted totalkto him, but i guess it will have to wait for another day. betsy and i were joking around about all the people in asheville- how self-absorbed they areeveryone is forward-thinking, but i'm the forwardesti have 16 seperate ethnic backgrounds... beeyatch! as we walked up a hill briskly, she was complaining about it being to strenuous. "but betsy!" i said, "we are getting back to our roots!""what roots?" she asked sarcastically.... "mother earth and father sky" i replied. "they slapped some pavement on my momma, they slapped it down down down" and then we laughed because i'm sure the people passing by took what we were saying very seriously and agreed wholeheartedly. that is why she hates the people, and why i love them. even when we all try so hard to be unique we end up just clumping together in more eccentric ways.its come down to last dish efforts now. becky says i'm going to choices, but i'm not sure if i am... its all very iffy at the moment as it usually is. i'm just afraid that if i don't go this month i will have no place left to turn, i've about exhausted all my resources.i had a really bad dream last night. kelsey called me into the youth office and laurie was sitting there, and then kelsey told me i would have to leave the youth group. i started crying and i stood up to leave. "where can i go now?" i screamed at her, "you've taken away everything. this used to be my safe place.... now i have nothing"that last statement was true. dream or no.
she's always been one to state the obvious.sarcastic: apparently its unhealthy to slit my wrists.can't you understand? don't you see? i'm bleeding black its all a gamehow far will i go before i throw this all away?
no one notices that anythings wrong until you shove it in their face. sometimes i'm afraid this is all just a twisted bid for attention. its so hard to stop shallow--sometimes i get so tired of being alive. when i told you that i don't want to exist, it wasnt a lie. you dont have to believe me-- heaven knows i've lied before. i'm just scared that with all my masks theres nothing left of the real me anymore. how far can we take this? do you really want to push this to the end? i know you can't save me, but i wish you'd try. at least then i'd know someone cared about me as i died. unfortunately, i havent been obvious enough. you still think a simple answer will fix me. havent yet realized that i can't be fixed. some things are just so broken that you have to throw them away no matter how much you lvoe them. but don't worry, i'll leave you enough flesh to buy a better one, dear. this is so fucked up.
i feel like, instead of stepping backfrom the precipice on which i teetered, i have simply closed my eyes and denied its exiztence. unfortunately, some things cannot simply be denied into unreality. i have tried to use a band aid to stop internal bleeding-- pasting a smiling mask onto emotional mutilation. now i am left trying to hold the peices of my tattered soul together, and i'm failing miserably. what was once a simple wound has become a festering sore of bitterness and distrust that is infecting every part of me. who will sew me back together? who can i trust to cleanse and heal me? i have fallen at the feet of religion but found no relief; i have begged at the door of supposed-friendship and been turned away. the precipice looms infornt of me and the once sturdy rocks of works and performance are now crumbling beneath my bleeding feet. where can i go from here? what are my options? do i turn and face the thing that i was running from in the first place? or do i step off the edge, close my eyes, and fall into the eternal embrace....of grace. am i strong enough to let go? am i willing to give up and let him take control? am i pushing the limit or is the limit pushing me?
i really like this song.(but then, if i didnt, i probably wouldn't be posting it up here, would i?)Thousand Mile Wish LyricsForgive me if now I wear the face of worry This time alone could never cause any doubt But I’ve been cold too long Such a strange time to find myself coming down as the rain With all the holes my love, To fill up from the middle This storm could stay all nightSo can you stay until we close our eyes Til your dreams hold mine Just stay until we know we tried one more timeCause laughing lovers can overcome their closest demons And they’ll go on and they won’t let go They saw something that they know Has never come so close Can it stay here for us, for now?Can it stay until we know ourselves? I’m torn as I tell You’re the story that I know and fell from I’m so far into your story I don’t know why We think we’re in control When we lie between the linesWe’ll find a line to follow It’s got to show real soon Or we’ll never each this highWe climb a little further Cause there’s nothing we can’t get around together Further gets colder until nothing was all that I saw aroundSo we stay until the ground That we can’t come down from splits us away Maybe stars know why we fall I just wish they were thinking out loud Oh, I could wish all night 
my stomach hurts. i'm really not sure what i'm doing sunday for the superbowl-- it really all depends on what the drivers in my family want to do. i sort of want to go to the youth group thing, just so i can hang out with everyone(something i don't get to do that much) but its all the way over in asheville and i think chris and betsy want to go to some other party over here in brevard. i got my haircut on thursday, i really like it-- its sort of 1930's... a little. yesterday we went and joined a gym here in brevard and chris and i are going to go work out this evening-- what joy is mine. but i really do want to get in shape, especially for summer. we are all very good at constructing almost perfect images of ourselves, its like second nature. i think even if i wanted to walk around just being totally myself to everyone and totally honest, i couldn't. this fear of rejection or whatever is way too deeply ingrained.just tell me i'm fine.
never really notice the ceilinguntil you're laying on the floorand you're tired of the scenerycuz you've seen it all beforeand the world is spinning softlyjust enough to make you sicklike some dirty little deity'sdirty little trick. never really notice the worlduntil it knocks you off your feetand all you can do is lay therewhile you breathe in your defeatand you wonder how things got this waywhy everything's so wrong cuz now everyone wants a peice of youbut you're not that strong. never notice your enemiesuntil they've stabbed you in the backand all you can do is walk awayas the scene fades to blackand you cry because it hurts so much you thought they were a friendbut instead they've broken your heartand it won't mend.
funny-- when i first heard this song i thought it was a really beautiful love song. but then when i actually read all the lyrics it turns out to be pretty twisted. i think thats the way with a lot of things-- so perfect and sweet on the outside that you're almost afraid to look deeper because maybe if you open your eyes too wide you'll realize how wrong they are, and its so much nicer to stay with the PG rated version. You've got your ball you've got your chain tied to me tight tie me up again who's got their claws in you my friend Into your heart I'll beat again Sweet like candy to my soul Sweet you rock and sweet you roll Lost for you I'm so lost for youYou come crash into me And I come into you I come into you In a boys dream In a boys dreamTouch your lips just so I know In your eyes, love, it glows so I'm bare boned and crazy for you When you come crash into me, baby And I come into you In a boys dream In a boys dreamIf I've gone overboard Then I'm begging you to forgive me in my haste When I'm holding you so girl close to meOh and you come crash into me, baby And I come into you Hike up your skirt a little more and show the world to me Hike up your skirt a little more and show your world to me In a boys dream.. In a boys dreamOh I watch you there through the window And I stare at you You wear nothing but you wear it so well tied up and twisted the way I'd like to be For you, for me, come crash into me
Coin Return LyricsI have slipped and I have fallen so far down I can't get out. Overwhelmed by my doubt.Things I said I'd never do I've done.Those I said I'd never be I've become.I have broken - I'm still breaking - cracked and wrecked, beyond repair.Smacks me in the face every time I fall.I cannot disregard, with each new fall I hit twice as hard.Would you be there for me? I would.Would you look up to see?I would. falling forward and looking up. 
...all alone is all we are all alone is all we areall alone is all we areall alone is all we are all alone is all we are all alone is all we are... 
i'm drinking a cup of very strong black english tea with a load of honey in it. such the best on a snowy night. i went and played soccer in the snow today, which was really fun because i suck so bad at soccer(i think a 4 yr old could beat me) and i got sooo cold and couldnt breathe and had the BEST time. funny how things work like that :) watched day 2 of the X Games, which really makes me want to go snowboarding... alas that i am not Shaun White and cannot do those crazy tricks, much less stay standing. it was so great-- sitting in the car with kelsey while everyone else went and picked out a movie, we were singing along to JOC-Frail, and at one point during the chorus she just held up three fingers and afterwards she looked back at me and said "wow, we were totally in 3 part harmony there". and thats what makes me enjoy singing, even if my voice isnt the greatest-- that sometimes beauty transcends the individual parts to make something so exquisite. i am so happy i get to sleep in tomorrow. last night i was out until 3 again-- stupid of me, i know, but is that so suprising?
all i really wanted to let you know was that i care, and i hate seeing you this way. but thats me and my stupid mouth, always saying the wrong thing, always hurting you when what i want is the exact opposite.
yes. its a lot like that dream. do you want the abstract or the honesty? oh, i can come up with a thousand reasons "why", but i'm guessing that, with you, only honesty will suffice. such a tragedy, because i'm not in an honest mood, and i know that leaves you hanging... which makes the observation that you were hanging there long before i ever came around.i'm really not sure how i can explain, how i can cover all the bases, but keep myself covered... if thats even possible.maybe i'm just not ready yet.give me time. i hate letting you down. i know you're terribly concerned, and just want a way to fix me, or at least something to do so you can say you've tried, and i really am genuinely sorry that i can't give you that security. i hate being innefectual, yet that is the very thing that i am asking you to be-- stop doing. start listening.give me space.slipped away to the open and watched the shadows deface the ground 
Words pierce through the airThey make you wearTo get you in a straight jacket labelWith your face turned to the wallThis place penetrates whenEveryone that ever triedTo tell you that you're not the sameWatches you fall You're pushing on the wall on the wall insideYou're pushing outside to find the reasonsYou run from this place when they label you Reasons to run from this place when they label you (You're pushing on the wall inside)Reasons to run from this place when they label you (You're pushing on the wall inside) You're inside thinking of everyone you ever knewWhen they put you outside the separating wallI can see you standing there waiting for the answerTo the reason no one operates the way you doYour point of view You're pushing on the wall on the wall insideYou're pushing outside to find the reasonsYou run from this place when they label you Reasons to run from this place when they label you (You're pushing on the wall inside)Reasons to run from this place when they label you (You're pushing on the wall inside) Everyday that they can't seeAfraid of what they might findIn the way of what they seeAfraid of what's inside of you Reasons to run from this place when they label you (You're pushing on the wall inside)Reasons to run from this place when they label you (You're pushing on the wall inside)
there is something utterly enjoyable about taking a long shower. its like brushing your teeth after a weekend of camping with no toothbrush-- totally refreshing and cleansing. i really didn't want to go to classes today but i just couldnt summon up enough of a headache this morning to warrant staying home... of course, just when i need them most my powers of faking-sick leave me high and dry. gosh.today in spanish i made the first 100 i have made in that class this entire year. in fact, the first grade above a 90 i have made all year. pretty sad, i know... but if i can make on good real test grade in that range, then i will bring my grade up to a D which is all i really want. as long as i can put it down on my transcript as passing, i'm cool.i smell like tangerines.
i hate this. i don't want them to leave. i guess i'm just afraid that its going to go back to what it was before-- pretend friendship. and i hate that. i can't take it. he means too much.
have you ever seen The Royal Tenenbaums? well, if you haven't, you should. in fact, i own it on VHS so you should borrow it. i watched that today, and altho it is a totally off the wall movie, it really holds a lot of truth about how people really are. but anyways, since you may not have seen it i won't give away part of the movie by telling you the scene which really hit me today... it would be very unfair. so its just gonna be my little secret. :)arg. some things in life are just too annoying and frustrating... lyrics in my head... with my hands around your throat and i think i hate you. we make the same mistakes, mistakes like friends doam i too lost to be saved? am i too lostdon't waste your touch you wont find anything worthy of redeeming 
no poetry. i hate that. the interminable wait until it finally comes back.. until i can psychically breathe again.peace comes at unexpected times. interview was slightly dissapointing... but i guess i was expecting too much, they are such gorgeous books that i don't think they really can be done as movies adequately... which is a small shame, but it just reinforces the truth that literature will never die because it is essentiallymorethan any high technology. i really enjoy mint cocoa late at night.
its 2:30 in the morning and i just got back from 6 hours at Dennys drinking coffee.on the drive back home, i leaned my forehead against the freezing glass of the window, and looked up at the pale stars. audioslave's "lost highway" was playing from the speaker behind my eari am not your rolling wheels, i am the highway/ i am not your carpet ride...i am the skyi just wanted to open the door and jump out. roll down the frost covered grassy shoulder, and out into infinity. i feel desperately dissapointed, although in what, i'm not sure. its just that little voice in the back of my head screaming THERE IS MORE THAN THIS but is there? i mean... after all these years of searching, shouldn't i have found it by now?i both hated and loved wednesday night. nothing profound was revealed to me about myself... it only reinforced my unwillingness to change.yes. i am an addict. yes. i am a sinner and i know it. and yes... i am very comfortable in this slow insanity. i walk a thin line between all consuming need for change-- for realness, and a disgusted understanding that no matter how much i scream, how much you beg, i will never be willing to give up this dysfunction for something pure. don't you see, don't you see that the charade is over and all the best deception and the clever cover story awards go to you.if i lick my lips will i taste dead stars?
geez, God, do you have to be so obvious? point taken-- i wouldnt have noticed otherwise.
she wears her hair in ponytails and pastes on the smile that says "i'm doing fine" yah. she's doing just fine.she takes her sugar with a little coffee, please laughs when they call her an addict yah. cuz she's afraid of being static.she only cries when no one hears promises herself this is the last time yah. but it never is.
i really really like this song.. probly one of my favs of theirs(evanescence) i can definetly relate to it...Can you forgive me again? I don't know what I said But I didn't mean to hurt youI heard the words come out I felt that I would die It hurt so much to hurt youThen you look at meYou're not shouting anymoreYou're silently brokenI'd give anything now to kill those words for youEach time I say something I regret I cry "I don't want to lose you." But somehow I know that you will never leave me, yeah.'Cause you were made for me Somehow I'll make you see How happy you make meI can't live this life Without you by my side I need you to surviveSo stay with me You look in my eyes andI'm screaming inside that I'm sorry .And you forgive me again You're my one true friend And I never meant to hurt you
i'm looking towards friday. talking to jamie. pretending to be the same cookie cutternever a hair out of place. this isn't me! haven't you noticed i've changed? most for the good some for the bad... no escape. please lie to me again let me think-- just for a little while that you're listening it feels so nice to pretend.
i really hate my arms. as i was washing dishes this evening i looked down at my wrists and just wanted to scream. almost a month and they're still there. but maybe that's good, maybe i need to remember this. had an interesting conversation with Chip today, thanked him for being honest, even though right now it feels like everything is falling apart... usually when things get crazy everyone just starts lying more. i really don't want to go to bed... but i have to. i'm not getting enough sleep lately. its been taking at least 3 caffeinated beverages just to keep me awake until lunch. i really don't want to get addicted again, but i've got to change my habits or else its never gonna stop. i find destructive comfort in keeping you away.
i'm tired of living my life under guard. afraid to let you in, afraid to be whole again. afraid that if i let you love me, then i'll have to love you back. but this comfortable defeat has lost its appeal... i don't want to be the one always alone. i'm so weak, so utterly frail... if you touch me i might just fall apart. but what release that could be . there's a kind of freedom in pain-- in admitting to feel. i've been lying to myself and pretending to be numb, but i can't deny your touch. solitude always comes with a price, one thats becoming to high to pay. i don't want to push you away but when you get too close instinct kicks in and i can't help myself. i feel like i have no control over myself anymore. everything i know is a lie, everything that makes me,me, is fabrication-- cleverly constructed insanity. all my life i've been putting together this false image of myself, trying to fool everyone into thinking that i'm something worse than myself. look down on me, just don't look into me. but at the same time i rail against invisibility. inside my head i'm screaming for you to notice me, unfortunately the sound never leaves my lips. i want you to read my mind. i want you to run away. i want you to lie and tell me you don't love me. i don't want to deal with this. for so long i've been in this stupid cycle that any other way is inconceivable. i survive by dysfunction... but i am only surviving. there is no life, there is no joy. if i could break down to the essentials, if i could show you my core, my inermost... then i wouldn't be myself. because i am defined by my undefineability. this is my shelter. this is my solitude. this is my destruction. more than anything, i crave true existence. this is my pain-- that i destroy myself in tragic attempts at freedom.
i'm tired of living my life under guard. afraid to let you in, afraid to be whole again. afraid that if i let you love me, then i'll have to love you back. but this comfortable defeat has lost its appeal... i don't want to be the one always alone. i'm so weak, so utterly frail... if you touch me i might just fall apart. but what release that could be . there's a kind of freedom in pain-- in admitting to feel. i've been lying to myself and pretending to be numb, but i can't deny your touch. solitude always comes with a price, one thats becoming to high to pay. i don't want to push you away but when you get too close instinct kicks in and i can't help myself. i feel like i have no control over myself anymore. everything i know is a lie, everything that makes me,me, is fabrication-- cleverly constructed insanity. all my life i've been putting together this false image of myself, trying to fool everyone into thinking that i'm something worse than myself. look down on me, just don't look into me. but at the same time i rail against invisibility. inside my head i'm screaming for you to notice me, unfortunately the sound never leaves my lips. i want you to read my mind. i want you to run away. i want you to lie and tell me you don't love me. i don't want to deal with this. for so long i've been in this stupid cycle that any other way is inconceivable. i survive by dysfunction... but i am only surviving. there is no life, there is no joy. if i could break down to the essentials, if i could show you my core, my inermost... then i wouldn't be myself. because i am defined by my undefineability. this is my shelter. this is my solitude. this is my destruction. more than anything, i crave true existence. this is my pain-- that i destroy myself in tragic attempts at freedom.
 don't you let me down don't you let me down don't you let me down don't you let me down... betsy and i went to denny's this evening and hung out with a lot of people that i barely knew. it was weird, all evening i had that feeling like i had either a)woken up after a long night of barely sleeping or b)taken about 12 ibuprofen for no reason. it wasn't exactly pleasant, because i couldn't really focus on anyone or anything, but at the same time, my head was totally devoid of thought.the questions in youth group today were interesting... probably b/c i have been in that situation with just about all those addictions, either myself or a good friend.i'm listening to dirty vegas right now and i can't stop my feet from twitching. i really want to get up and dance around, but i have to get going and do some research on ancient Crete(woo hoo.) so love to all, goodnight.
 just 'cuz you feel it doesn't mean its realinteresting conversations always keep me up at night. get to close to truth and i freak out and can't sleep. last night i was up until almost 3, just sitting in our big red armchair thinking.not sure if i'm going to jaz's party tonight-- i want to, but when i got home from work, bets wasn't here and i have the sneaking suspicion that she may have gone up to wcu to see rick *melodramatic, sarcastic sigh* which would make me very peeved.small confession, i think i'm starting to lose it i think i'm drifting away from the people i really need been reading too much and listening to to much FATA... this doesn't bode well. but then, what ever does?if we do end up going tonight, i hope they have the magnetic words out.
i want the soundtrack to underworld.i have a jessica simpson song stuck in my head.ibuprofen rocks my world....did you catch the subtle things? the barbed wire words and the summer flings the way she makes you beg and plead for nothing. did you ignore the way you felt? the love and hate and perfection melted down smeared across the tv screen like honey or poison....my head is so screwed up right now its not even funny. arg. i just want to crawl under a rock and die. you know, back when i lived in south carolina i had this special place down by the pond in our neighborhood. no one else even realy knew it was there except for a few stray dogs.. just me and the water.i used to go there when really bad things happened, or just when i needed to get away from everyone and everyhting. its funny now that i think about it, because we lived in a really bad neighborhood, and all the drug deals went on at that pond, and there i was this little white girl sitting under some bushes in the mud... like, how innocent i was to not even think i could be hurt, not even realize the danger. now i sort of wish that i could go back there to my spot..but i understand that i've grown, and i'll never be able to fit back down in there, i'm too big, and also, that i wouldn't really go if i could... now i see the danger, now i realize my fear, andican't ignore that. i can't just be who i was then. there is this urgent sense of being caged in my supposed freedom--maybe back then, when i had no real control over what happened to me, no say in how my life went... maybe then i was free. because maybe then i didn't think i could do it all. i'm going to have to find a new special spot... somewhere that fits the older me. cuz right now i am seriously needing to get away from everyone and everything. yes, even you... although i love you dearly. i need peace.
 i have walked slowly through an inch of water and realized that you can still drown. ooh, i really think i'm posting too much on here. starting to repeat myself. no, seriously. if you want to know whats going on right now look back at the first two or three posts... 
 restless tonight cuz i wasted the lighti can't stop this agony, just need some therapy, but i just thought of you and now i feel fineif i sorted it out, if i knew all about this one thing.. wouldn't that be somethingi could wish all night. 
This is my December This is my time of the year This is my December This is all so clear This is my December This is my snow covered home This is my December This is me aloneAnd I Just wish that I didn't feel Like there was Something I missed And I Take back all The things I said To make you Feel like that And I Just wish that I didn't feel Like there was Something I missed And I Take back all the Things I said to youAnd I give it all away Just to have somewhere To go to Give it all away To have someone To come home toThis is my December These are my snow-covered trees This is me pretending This is all I needAnd I Just wish that I didn't feel Like there was Something I missed And I Take back all The things I said To make you feel like that And I Just wish that I didn't feel Like there was Something I missed And I Take back all the things I said to youAnd I give it all away Just to have Somewhere to go to Give it all away To have someone To come home toThis is my December This is my time of the year This is my December This is all so clearAnd I give it all away Just to have somewhere To go to Give it all away To have someone To come home to 
i made cookies today, however they didnt turn out very well so me and betsy have just been eating the dough. i feel sick. but in a good, chocalety-chunky sort of way... like, yah, i'm sick, but it was WORTH it. today has been langourous. long and slowy and hazy... like i'm still not quite awake. maybe its the disruption of my schedule since i'm not going to work, but i guess i'll have to get used to it. do you ever get a song stuck in your head, and its one thats very meaningful but you don't want to hear the message, and then for a day or two its just playing over and over in your head and you can't stop hearing it? i hate that... i don't get like, silly songs stuck in my head for a long time, its always the ones that i don't want to hear, the ones i need to hear. i feel sort of like a cup thats been filled to the very very top, and a breath of air will spill me out all over the place. so i'm just sort of sitting here, hoping one one hand that i will be able to just be still and nothing will happen to upset me or make this big mess, and on the other, hoping that this mighty wind will come and just blow the hell out of me and i'll just spill out all over the place... but that could be sort of exillerating... i mean, then you'd REALLY have to deal with me. i'd really have to deal with myself. oh, but what a frightening thought that really is. i'm looking forward to something... not sure what. but definetly something. its there, right around the corner where i can't see it yet. but its coming. just wait, you'll see. i'm never wrong about these things.right now i would really like a hug. it feels like a hug moment, unfortunately it is impossible to give oneself a satisfactory hug *sigh* you understand i'm torn apart. 
And even though the moment passed me byI still can't turn away Cuz all the dreams you never thought you'd loseGot tossed along the way And letters that you never meant to sendGot lost or thrown away And now we're grown up orphansThat never knew their namesWe don't belong to no oneThat's a shameBut you could hide beside me Maybe for a whileAnd I won't tell no one your nameI won't tell 'em your name Scars are souvenirs you never loseThe past is never farDid you lose yourself somewhere out there? Did you get to be a star?And don't it make you sad to know that life Is more than who we are We grew up way too fast And now there's nothing to believeAnd reruns all become our historyA tired song keeps playing on a tired radio And I won't tell no one your name And I won't tell 'em your name I won't tell em' your nameI won't tell em' your nameI think about you all the timeBut I don't feel the same It's lonely where you are Come back down And I won't tell 'em your name
...crumpled up attempts of telling you what this is all about are strewn around me here, the letter i wrote to you with the ink smears from the tears i was crying over there, the poems i scribbled on napkins and envelopes-- dropping them conspicuously, in case you saw and picked them up and in my hand, all the shattered intentions, pricking my skin until i bleed....Writing To ______maybe you're the only one who really understands and i'm glad i think you're the only one who i could really trust with that. there are things i will never have the strength to tell you and there are things that i will never have to tell you because you already know i don't know how but its true and that is probably the most comforting thing i know. that you know and you're okay with that. i'm always walking the line between selling out to cheaply and hiding myself away balance is always denied and it hurts but i've come to realize that when all other trusts get broken i will still trust you....
what to say what to say what to say. feeling somewhat disconnected from everyone-- the standard feeling after i get back from being gone for a weekend. would ask you to call, but then, i don't think anyone really reads this, and its not like i'm ever home to receive your call. so its pretty useless.i haven't really got anything to say on here. maybe later. maybe not. love..
holdon, folks... this is gonna be a long one. (so if you don't read it all i won't be mad)i'm not sure that i like this template, but i really felt a need to change from the purple. i'm really starting to envy blog city with their endless variations and formats... but i would feel so fickle changing blogs once again. sort of like i'm afraid of comitment or something. and don't laugh, i know i'm silly-- seeing as this is only an internet journal. but i have scruples,damn it! so. if anyone would like to tell me how i can get a cool format... please do.there was a little girl in the parking lot at bi-lo throwing snowballs at her dad as he put the groceries in their truck. she was laughing... really laughing. i could hear the peals and screams of giggles from across the parking lot, and even after i stepped inside the swooshing door and into that artificial haven of pleasant temperature and yellow light. i think one of the saddest things about growing up is losing that laugh. you know-- the one you had when you were little and didn't know that it was impolite to laugh when your sister snorted milk out of her nose at the resturant. the one you had when you would still giggle over that same line inBeauty and the Beastweeks after you had seen it. i want my laugh back. but wouldn't it be weird if you saw some grown-up(or almost-grown-up) laughing like that? it would be... unnatural. and you would sigh and wish that you could be so uninhibited. but deep down, you'd be sort of repulsed by that... lack of propriety... and as beautiful as the moment was, you'd be scared to repeat it. you may say i'm a dreamer... but i'm not the only one we watched Under the Tuscan Sun again today-- or rather, mom watched in and i was in and out on the phone-- a rare thing, i know. but pleasant.well, tomorrow afternoon we are going down to florence to see mike and amy and the girls, and also to go to steph's ONE VOICE thing. its a really cool christian concert she puts together every year with just local good christian bands playing, and its totally free and awesome. we used to all be the organizers, but since we left she has just taken it and made it even awesomer, and so now we just get to go down and enjoy. plus its a good time to see all my old flo-town friends who i don't keep in touch with. its a little weird, but fun for a night to revist that place and all the memories. everyone there is just waiting to leave, but i like to go back sometimes just to remember how living there affected me and sort of molded me into who i am. i mean, a lot of it was bullshit and totally non-good... but at the same time, i wouldn't even trade in my regrets, because they have become who i am. and now we're grown up orphans that never knew their names/ we don't belong to no one thats a shame/ a tired song keeps playing on the tired radio/ and i won't tell no one your name... i won't tell 'em your name i used to just like that song. but after last summer and the ensuing fall, it has really meant more to me-- sort of sums up me in a lot of ways. i guess because of that whole "prodigal son/ orphans vs children" thing... i like to run away because i'm afraid of what it might mean to be accepted. but also because it gives me a picture of jesus, wrapping his arms around me and sayingyou could hide beside me/ maybe for awhilemaybe that picture won't mean as much to you as it does to me. maybe it will.all i know is that in a world where i either feel unnoticed or exposed-- i want someplace to hide, and someone to tell me that, no matter what, they will shelter me and understand me. because as mysterious and unknowable as we like to be, everone needs that one person who can see underneath the masks and tell them the truth no matter what. i'm waxing... philosophical? perhaps. melodramatic? a little.but don't let it get under your skin. he doesn't understand, so don't take it to heart. i know that you'll do fine-- probably better than most. and i know that a lot of times you let them make you believe that you're unworthy or dissapointing or just plain beneath notice. but i know you. you're strong. i see it. because i've seen you fall down and get back up. i've seen you wounded yet surviving. so take it with a grain of salt, love.and you know i see right through you/ but the world got in your way/ what's the point in all this screaming/ you're not listening anyways 
i don't really have much to say here.my thoughts are scattering under the weight of a snot-filled head.so, a little pressure gone, but still so much holding me down. i can't take my eyes off of you i can't take my eyes off of you i can't take my eyes off of you i can't take my eyes... and suddenly the world is feeling very ponderous. the sky threatens snow with every shivering breath of wind. what happened to my false spring? we planted flowers. they'll probably all die now. 
well, i'm back in the blogging world. but the guestbook is gone, due to a nasty little trojan incident that shut down our pc for the weekend. so, if you really want to tell me something-- i guess you'll have to email me, or ya know, talk to me in person.what can i say about Jars? it was exquisite. there and i wish you went tonight as well because they played it again, maybe even a little better, but it wasn't as good without you. and they played tea&sympathy and messed it up a little bit but it was alright because they laughed it off and so did i(me being the only one standing up in that whole friggin auditorium for that particular song...grr) and it was still beautiful. but alas they didn't play one... and so i have to post it here, such a shame.images on the sidewalk speak of dreams' descent washed away by storms to graves of cynical lament dirty canvases to call my own protest lyrics carved by the old pay phoneand in your picture book i'm trying hard to see turning endless pages of this tragedy sculpting every move you compose a symphony and you plead to everyone see the art in me see the art in me.. and thats only a fragment, so pull out yourFloodcopies(or borrow mine if you don't own it) and listen to that song.... or really, all the songs.well dolls, shall post later... maybe. i love. 
don't take too much meaning away from this. you'll worry over nothing. did you get spun out in the swirl?did you get caught up in the whirlwind of all the let-down stars and all the guys you fucked but didn't mean to 'cuz growing-up was just too hard...did you get lost like all the rest of the misfit kids trying to make a splash only to find that the glass was half empty all along and you got taken for a ride... did you become another temporary problem with a long drawn-out sollution, like smoke clinging to your skin after a long night of burning bridges that you meant to leave behind but couldn't because you lost all your will-power in some cosmic game of poker when the stakes were too high but you kept playing out of a sense of obligation... did you forget your way back home? did you ask all the right questions to all the wrong people... did you put your faith in their lies and expect to come out on the other side unscathed but instead found yourself right back where you started... spun out in the swirl of too much reality on too little sleep barely clinging to sanity and hoping that this time you'll get through the night but not expecting much of anyone anymore because everyone has always let you down or so you think, when really it was all your bad decisions and all the wrong choices that you made that have inexorably brought you here... no faith. no hope. no will. no home.just eyes looking back at you through the bathroom mirror so accusing so alone.
dude. i am sore. but i have lost two pounds just from working out.yup. beauty is pain(whoever said that should be shot!)youth group was really good tonight. the worship group spent pretty much all our time working on this one new song which is incredibly beautiful, and it really felt like we were coming together and really blending as a whole instead of just being individual good parts, which is awesome. sarah gave me the phone number of this guy she wants to hook me up with. i'm debating whether to call him or not. i probably will, but i really don't want to go on some blind date-- way too much pressure and expectation. but who knows, i will figure it out.so excited about JOC.i really hope i can get to the game on friday night, not only do i wanna see the guys all in drag, but i'd also like to see one of the games.. but its so crazy around here lately, i never know. i remain, in shadows growing wings 
HEY!! I LOVE YOU!! Yes, YOU... did you know that? i sure hope so CUZ ITS TRUE!!! have beautiful dreams and fabulous mornings
do you know that there is a quiz on Quizilla titled "How Close To God Are You"? exactly what i needed!!! an online quiz to define my state of spirituality. how fucked up is that...it took me like, 20 minutes to figure out what kelsey meant "you are bold, but in a naughty way, like shame shame" huh? but once i did, i laughed. do you get it? oh of course you do-- smart people who eat and sleep regularly.had a weird memory today of a camping trip with betsy and mom a couple of years ago to the beach. we sat the cd player up on the picnic table in the campsite and played Goo Goo Doll'sDizzy Up the Girleven my mom liked it. i learned all the lyrics in that one weekend. still love that cd.you aint ever gonna burn my heart out 
 Summerland ~Everclear Let's just drive your car We could drive all day Let's justget the hell away from hereFor I am sick again Just plain sick to death Of the sound of my own voiceWe could leave behind another wasted yearGet some cheap red wine and just go flying We could do the things, All the things you wanted to No one cares about us anyway We could do the things, All the things you wanted to No one cares about us anywaysI think I lost my smileI think you lost yours tooWe have lost the power to make each other laughLet's just leave this place And go to Summerland Just a name on the map Sounds like heaven to me We could find a town Be just how we want to beNo one here really cares about us anywayWe could find a place Make it what we want it to be No one really gives a fuck about us anyway We could live just like we want to live No one here really cares about us anyway We could be everything we want to beWe could get lost in the fallGlimmer, sparkle, and fade The sparkle and fade Fall, glimmer, sparkle, and fade Forget about our jobs at the record store Forget about all the losers that we knowForget about all the memories that keep you downForget about themWe could lose them in the sparkle and fade We could leave them behind in the sparkle and fade Yeah, sparkle and fade Fall, glimmer, sparkle, and fade
*pause.deep breath*okay, now i am ready to write a more coherent blog post(me??coherent?? feel free to laugh uncontrollably...)we watched Shreck tonight. i really love that movie, especially where they make the frog and snake balloons... oh man...*giggles* but one part really hit me, sort of summed up my whole beef with valentines and romance and all that crap... "you were expecting, what...prince charming? well... yah. so there you have it, folks. i'm afraid of dissapointment. i'm afraid that i'll get to the altar, or the candelit dinner or the whatever... the "moment" that all chick-flicks tell us we MUST have, and i'll see... what? well, reality. no prince charming. and i'll be left sitting there thinking "hey, you aren't what i ordered, i didn't want this. where's the white horse? where's the shining armor?" because no matter how much i talk about being laid back in relationships or not needing someone perfect or how capable i am... really, i do want all those things. in the deep little dark times that i don't like to think about(they usually fall right between chocolate and fitzgerald)i want a prince charming. or more importantly, i want a Shreck because i am definetly more the night-time version of princess fiona then the day-time one. maybe i'm not so much afraid that prince charming will be dissapointing, but rather that we will come to that "moment"(like in Princess Diaries when she kicks up her foot for the kiss) and mister prince charming will go "who are you and where is the princess i wanted??" ugh. rejection. i mean, who wants a romantic relationship overshadowed by the fear of failure? isn't it much better to just sit back and comment objectively on other people's triumphs and failures? isn't it much nicer to just be on the outside and slightly aloof and never really involved enough to get hurt? well, i like to tell myself that. but its not true. and i really am sorry, dearest darling male readers(if there are any) because i know that was totally estrogen fueled and semi-pathetic("semi"?? um...) but really, bare with me. i am a girl afterall.today has just been a chick flick day. i mean, we came home and watched Under the Tuscan Sun and then Shreck and we are about to pop in Lost in Translation, and what with valentines being only a day past... well, you had it coming.but, to the good things about this weekend(no more sap!) ~not puking....anymore(i'm sure will agrees) ~Nibbles the Squirrel ~youth group this morning and feeling like maybe they do still remember us up there... you know, those "big church" people ~chris singing Welcome To the Jungle a la Axl Rose ~a song in my head when i woke upwell, i think theres more but i really can't remember right now. and now i really do believe i'm off to... somewhere... if you find me, please tell me where i am, its getting very confusing.oh, and i totally understand. do you understand that?
ARG! you know what i hate? when i sit down to write a nice, clear blog post and all that comes out is C-R-A-P. drivvel! hogwash! absolute bosh! bleck.i'm leaving. expect a post later when i'm not mad at myself for being a loser anymore.
cheers, darling aren't you spectacular. aren't you a spectacle. you've become what you always claimed to hate.and all the best deceptions and the clever cover story awards go to... 
no snow here. just dirty rain out of grey skies slushy streets and swerving cars dogs bark road-noise leaks in the bedroom window. artificial light dulls the senses. grocery trip here alone again with the grey skies and the utterly un-lovely day. chris drives in. dogs follow. mud in driveway churns. i hope the next boy that you kiss has something terribly contagious on his lips that line always makes me laugh. petty people. petty lives. what am i living for again? oh yes.. the hope of something more to come. right. almost forgot about that. almost forgot about you. but you're still here, arent you? be honest, now. yes i think you are.
i like this quote:"a girl with brains ought to do something with them besides think"i find it refreshing.had an interesting discussion with mom today about Taming Of the Shrew and why there is just that something about it that rubs me the wrong way. at the end of the play i always come away with a bad taste in my mouth. i talked to her about the difference between beating and shaming-- and how when petruchio "tamed" kat, he definetly destroyed something about her, he shamed her and she could never get it back. mom put forward the thought that, while its pretty arogant of one person to play god like he did, if you look at the play as an alegory, she really likes it. but all i could think was-- if thats a picture of god than i sure as hell don't want to know him. i mean, sure, kat was prideful and spiteful and hateful, but she was also free. and to think that god would stoop so low as to take away that freedom just to make me more acceptable and "nice"? no thanks. i mean, i always really identified with the statement in the narnia books that he is "not a tame lion".. and i think, god doesn't want us to be tame. obedient, yes. but not some mindless, conformed robots. not smiling fakes. not at all. and it also made me think about what chip was talking about(was it last sunday?) about how we aren't uncontrollable christians anymore. we are tamed and conformed and bland. its like we've got this misconseption that to be good christians we have to be "nice people", that we can't go against the grain or really stand up for what we believe in. heck, most of us aren't even totally sure what we believe in. i read all these christian books trying to fire people up for a "spiritual revolution" and exhort us to be wilder, bolder christians and i think-- how can we be like that now? i mean, there is no danger here, there is nothing worth dying for. if we were all truly honest with ourselves, i think we would find that comfort is pretty high up on our list of wants. i mean, if we were to go out and really live what we preached, ooooh, that wouldn't be pleasant. i mean, think of all the people we'd have to start loving! think of all the lies we'd have to stop telling! think of all the things we'd have to stop loving less in order to love god more... its just so dirty, so messy, so... uncontrollable. spiritual revolution? spiritual rejuvination? sorry, guys, we are definetly tame christians. trying to dumb down our god and put him in a cage so that he can tamely rule our boring little lives from his unexalted, powerless position. we can pull him out and parade him about when people chalenge us, and then put him neatly away when we're done. but you know, all it would take to really have a "spiritual revolution" to really start actually living for god would be ONE person, just one-- actually doing it. actually going out there and talking less and acting more. living him out day by day....are you willing to do it? cuz right now i sure am not. way too threatening for me.
so here is one of the almost-lost poems. don't ask me who its about, because i'm really not sure anymore. i can't remember who i wrote it for or if i wrote it for anyone-- so make up your own mind. asign it to anyone or no one, whichever you prefer.Not quite mature Almost grown Old enough to be your friend But nothing more. She’s got the wise eyes And little girl smile, And it almost makes her cry To think that She’s a puzzle piece Trying to fit into a square hole Almost making it, But not quite good enough. Maybe when she’s grown She’ll finally understand That all the square pegs Wish they were puzzle pieces Just like her. But right now All she sees is how shedoesn’t quite fit in,Doesn’t measure up, She’s got high standards But pretends she’s more than she’s not. She sings her song And almost sings in tune Wants to be part of the choir But she was born a solo artist-- Inharmonious But strangely captivating. Not quite mature Almost grown She seems friendly But always ends up alone If she were a story The first word would be Incongruous. 
well, i stayed up until almost 2 last night writing a response essay for my epic literature class. i am fairly pleased with the essay, altho i was so tired this morning that i almost fell asleep in algebra(so not cool). oh yes, did i tell you that i did fall asleep yesterday in dr. clarks debate class? but it was totally his fault! i mean, how can you stick me in a dark, warm room with a lady speaking on video in a horrendously droning voice, and me with no caffeine-- and expect allertness? but then, its dr. clark, so he wasn't really peeved. oh yes, also about yesterday. i went to the teen court hearing thing as one of the jury which was pretty cool, altho i ended up pretty much being the fore"person" b/c the elected one didn't know what to do, which is something i didn't want. but ah well. all in all it was pretty cool, although i think that in the end the Mediation Department is going to be more my style. back to today :) betsy and i went to work out for about an hour this evening which was nice-- good to physically exert myself after the past few months of slowly imprinting the armchair with my buttprint. however, i am already starting to feel sore and i have an appointment with the personal trainer tomorrow afternoon... so if at church i seem a little achey, you know why. i went looking through some of my older poetry last night and found a couple that i had completely forgotten about. most of my poetry i actually revise and then memorize in my head before i put it onto paper(in case i ever lose the hard copy) but somehow these slipped through the cracks, which is deplorable. i may post one or two of them, but its debatable.looking forward to tomorrow evening, since it seems that anymore church is the only place that i get to see or talk to people-- altho rachel dearest, it was lovely to see you on monday, it totally made my day. oh, and did i tell you that i may be getting a job at the subway in brevard? admittedly not the best job in the world, but it will get me food experience and i really need the money. but i got my W2s from work yesterday and its looking like i may get about a hundred dollar refund check-- always welcome. well, i am going now. goodnight, chickpeas.
well, i stayed up until almost 2 last night writing a response essay for my epic literature class. i am fairly pleased with the essay, altho i was so tired this morning that i almost fell asleep in algebra(so not cool). oh yes, did i tell you that i did fall asleep yesterday in dr. clarks debate class? but it was totally his fault! i mean, how can you stick me in a dark, warm room with a lady speaking on video in a horrendously droning voice, and me with no caffeine-- and expect allertness? but then, its dr. clark, so he wasn't really peeved. oh yes, also about yesterday. i went to the teen court hearing thing as one of the jury which was pretty cool, altho i ended up pretty much being the fore"person" b/c the elected one didn't know what to do, which is something i didn't want. but ah well. all in all it was pretty cool, although i think that in the end the Mediation Department is going to be more my style. back to today :) betsy and i went to work out for about an hour this evening which was nice-- good to physically exert myself after the past few months of slowly imprinting the armchair with my buttprint. however, i am already starting to feel sore and i have an appointment with the personal trainer tomorrow afternoon... so if at church i seem a little achey, you know why. i went looking through some of my older poetry last night and found a couple that i had completely forgotten about. most of my poetry i actually revise and then memorize in my head before i put it onto paper(in case i ever lose the hard copy) but somehow these slipped through the cracks, which is deplorable. i may post one or two of them, but its debatable.looking forward to tomorrow evening, since it seems that anymore church is the only place that i get to see or talk to people-- altho rachel dearest, it was lovely to see you on monday, it totally made my day. oh, and did i tell you that i may be getting a job at the subway in brevard? admittedly not the best job in the world, but it will get me food experience and i really need the money. but i got my W2s from work yesterday and its looking like i may get about a hundred dollar refund check-- always welcome. well, i am going now. goodnight, chickpeas.
did you watch the grammy's tonight? i was actually pleasantly suprised... i mean, sure, there was the same old political music-industry bullshit, and j/timberlake won another award that he had to apologize for.. but the performances were awesome! so much music-- i'm used to music award shows being all-talk, no-music(which is pretty crappy if you ask me) but the people they picked to collaborate w/ each other i thought was really good. i spent the afternoon with kelly, robbie, becky, and sarah. first cleaning sarah's room to move in a bed for heathyr(YAY) and then at the mall. it was really fun to hang out with them, altho mom did get a little mad cuz i kept changing plans around and such(how inconsiderate of me) but as usual, i got off with light punishment. fun music news: John Mayer and Guster are coming to charlotte may 10th... ooh, i hope i have ticket money! since its looking like once again, i won't make it to AFI(g.d.s.a.f!). i am going to serve on the teencourt jury tomorrow right after i get out of class-- which means that i actually have to dress nice and wear make-up on a monday..arg. i am so not prepared for tomorrow. why can't it snow again???
well, i wasn't going to say this but i think i have to.you don't own me, but i love you anyways. is that enough? i hope so.
well, the teen court volunteer thing i went to today was pretty interesting. i mean, its a totally cool concept(a juvie court with teen jurors and attorneys) but most of the other kids there were either younger than me or just really immature. however, the ladies who came from Buncombe Mediation gave me their cards and said i might fit in better doing teen mediation cases with them... so i guess i'll call them in a few days and see how it works. mom had to go to a meeting for training up new homeschool testers, and since maddie's mom was also there, me and her hung out at Essence all afternoon. it was really nice to be able to just sit down and talk with her. its very refreshing to have an entire conversation where you're not thinking about what the other person is thinking about you, which is something i find myself doing a lot. i almost wish i had gone to the dance last night, since it seems like everyone had fun, or at least there were funny moments... but i understand that there wasn't really a way i could have, so i'm not really bummed about it or anything. i also saw laura at the coffee shop today, although daniel was also there and so(not suprisingly) she mainly just goofed off with him... i guess i should just learn that thats how "couples" are, or at least some of them. it just annoys me a little bit, i guess... i never want to be so completely involved in someone else that i can't pay attention to the rest of the world. but ah well. i went to Troop's eagle scout court thing tonight, which was really nice... i always think that boyscouts are the sort of guys you want to marry. not necessarily date(they're a might bit too wholesome) but just lookikng at all their squeaky-clean faces i thought-- wow, i can totally see all of them in 10 years with minivans and white picket fences and smiling families.i really wanted there to be a girls night tonight, but i guess it couldnt get worked out and thats okay. i mean, its cool... its not like i'll die from sitting at home another night, its what i do anyways. well, i suppose i'll go... do... something. i don't know what. perhaps twiddle my thumbs. perhaps make arts-and-crafts. who knows! dear god, save me from the arts and crafts."lovely, justlovely "
Bleed Black LyricsI am exploring the inside. I find it desolate. I do implore these confines now as they penetrate, "recreate me." I'm hovering through out time. I crumble in these days. I crumble, cannot, I cannot find reflection in these days.If you listen, (listen, listen) listen close,beat-by-beat, you can hear when a heart stops. I saved the pieces when it broke and ground them all to dust.I am destroyed by the inside.I disassociate.I hope to destroy the ouside. It will alleviate and elevate me. Like water flowing into lungs, I'm flowing through these days. As morphine tears through deadened veins I'm numbing in these days. If you listen, (listen, listen) listen close,beat-by-beat, you can hear when a heart stops. I saved the pieces when it broke and ground them all to dust. I know what died that night.It can never be brought back to life once again,I know.I know what died that night. It can never be brought back to life once again,I know.I know I died that night and I'll never be brought back to life. Once again, I know. I know I died that night and I'll never be brought back to life. Once again, I know.If you listen, (listen, listen) listen close,beat-by-beat, you can hear when a heart stops. I saved the pieces when it broke and ground them all to dust. If you listen, (listen, listen) listen close,beat-by-beat, you can hear when a heart stops. I saved the pieces when it broke and ground them all to dust 
home. alone. bored. listening to AFI. its growing dark. i'm hungry. where is mom? who knows. maybe she forgot me. most likely. *sigh* life is swell, eh? yah. i didn't think so either. oh, we dance in misery 
another bad night. oh, but we don't talk about those, sorry so please just strike that statement from the record.finished my book-- it had a totally creepy and not-quite satisfying ending, you know, the kind that stick with you for awhile after you've finished the last word on that last page.i have some volunteer thing to go do tomorrow, but afterwards, if anyone wants, we should do something. in fact, i will be in asheville when my volunteer thing gets done, so talk to me tonight or something... wondering if [she's] more than arguments and failed attempts to fly 
 i suggest we learn to love ourselves before its made illegal 
i got my prom dress today. oh darlings, its absolutely perfect and only 50 bucks!score.i also baked super awesome cookies tonight(chocolate chocolate chip with pecans and oatmeal.. mmmm) and watched The Pianist which is a gorgeous movie. i even laughed in it, although i'm not sure that i was supposed to damn macabre sense of humor!all in all it was a pleasant day even the dentists wasn't so bad. i'm still praying for snow on sunday night heaven forbid that i should actually have to go back to school and all the work entailed! i really think that school should just end now. i mean, honestly i've learned a lot(i think) isn't that enough?also watched Pitch Black this evening, which is one of my favorite action movies(will, if you're reading this, its on "the list" which i am making). i totally can't wait until Reddick comes out sometime this summer. deeelish.did you know chris listens to hardcore emo?yup. he's got Brand New's first cd, which i covet horribly. so silly-- after all those years when all he would listen to was Hardcore and old school Punk. how we do change.i really hope i end up going to Becky's this weekend.song of the moment stuck in my head: spinnin' out of control, out of control.spinnin' out of control, out of control!'cuz i don't know if i can trust youand i don't understand what you want from me...~hoobastank.
oh, please do tell me if you hate the new look dreadfully, i was just having so much fun playing around with the template(since i have no real idea how any of it works) ~love~
i hate rituals. i believe there is a fine line between ritual and tradition, but a very important line. tradition is something that you do every time, because every time, it fills you with joy and fills everyone around you with that, and it reminds you of all the past joys and makes you look forward to the future joys.ritual is stale. its that thing you do just because you've always done it and maybe you're just too boring to stop. and its lost all its color and meaning to everyone, but you're just too safe to change anything, and so it continues. i think my life is steadily becoming a series of rituals.have you ever noticed how certain people are just innately attracted to drama(and by this i don't mean stage acting, but life drama)? its like, they are only ever around when something "big" is happening, and its a totally subconcious thing. i know a lot of people like that. and sometimes it makes me so mad because, when i really needed them-- in between the dramas, the breakdowns, the whatevers, when i was sort of gasping for air, or just trying to live-- thats when they weren't there. and after the fact, when they come around and sincerely want to help i just want to scream "where were you?! its too late for you to do anything now except suck all the life out of me" because i really do think they feed of drama. if life is boring, then they don't stick around, or they create their own fantastical problems to center their attention on. i really hate being one of those people.i've been reading a terribly interesting book calledThe Witching Hourby Anne Rice. its not one of her vampire books, and i think i like it even a little better than those-- i guess because it deals with more sympathetic characters, people i can really sink my teeth into. i've been doing pretty much nothing but reading for the past couple days, it being a fairly thick book, and its a little disturbing. not because i'm reading so much, for when i'm in a good book i tend to read to the exclusion of everything else until its finished, but more because when i put the book down, i find myself still thinking in the same thought patterns as the characters. i'm not thinking about the story, but i'm viewing my own life through a lense of their morals and ideals. now the kicker-- this story is about crazy people. however, it really is fascinating because it just totally messes around with my view of myself and of life and gives some pretty cool insights. and i think that is what good books are really supposed to do-- get us into the minds of the character(and through that into the mind of the author) and make us reevaluate ourselves and our surroundings, not so that we would change completely over to their point of view, more so that we can more acurately define our own. okay, so bear with me, because its like one thirty in the morning and i really know i should be in bed.i guess right now i just want someone somewhere to give me some sort of affirmation(was that vague enough for you?) "no, emma, you're not crazy" i'm not asking you to make it believable, just say the appropriate things. my self-image isnt so tied up in what other people think of me that i actually believe what they tell me. on the contrary, i have a very well defined self-image, something i think few people have, and my only use for other peoples opinions on me is that it lets me gauge how good a liar i am. yes, think on that one.i have a dentists apointment tomorrow, and also an apointment with a personal trainer. didn't your mother tell you that cleanliness was next to godliness? ...wait, that was a smashing pumpkins song.my bad. 
oh, you know what my favorite memory from sunday is? riding back to church after the party in the backseat of ashely's car. i'm singing along to Switchfoot on the radio, with a semi-hoarse voice and in the middle of the song i get this unexpected self-concious thought that maybe i should just shut up b/c it really can't be sounding too good. so i do (stupid, i know) and then, meagan turns to me, holding her cell phone and she says "i was trying to record you singing so i could send it to Jamie. you know, he loves your voice when you sing. but you stopped" and i think maybe it wasn't my best singing ever. maybe it doesn't matter. but dearest, i won't tell you what the worst moment was. i think thats for another time, eh?
i was listening to A Perfect Circle's first CDMer De Nomslast night, which i just recently got. I had heard most of the songs on the album before, but never really gotten a chance to sit down and listen to it all the way through. One of the songs on there--"Judith" really hit me last night, because its about this girl(judith, i'm guessing) who is a christian and the whole song is talking about how wrong she is and how god doesnt really love her or he's not really there. its a really powerful song and hit me pretty hard-- i guess b/c it addressed some of the excuses i like to make for why i don't trust god or don't even really believe in him sometimes(or at least try to make myself think i dont). but at the same time, the song is contrasting all these supposed ways that god is not good, against this girls total faith. i mean, here she is, with anentire freaking song written to her on why she's wrong, and she still won't change. thrown in her face is the fact thatIt's not like you killed someone/It's not like you drove a hateful spear into his side/Praise the one who left you/Broken down and paralyzed . the chorus of the song is, i think, what hits me the most. over and over he singsHe did it all for you , trying to make it into a sarcastic cut against "blind faith" and "false belief". but you know what i came away with after listening to that song? simple....he did it all for me.and i don't think you can take that away because its real. and no matter how much i hate god sometimes, how much i scream and try to run from him, the simple fact remains.he did it all for you... he did it all for you... . and that is hope. 
i won't say anything about the retreat. at least, not here. wendy came home from the hospital today.the dance is in 4 days.i pumiced my feet for about an hour last night until my arms were tired... but they are pretty now.i feel trivial today, but i think i like it.
well, i called the lady at the Mediation center today to see about volunteering. i'm setting up a meeting with her and the other lady who works in the youth department to sit down and actually plot out what i will be working on and who i will working with, its pretty cool.i also tried on my prom dress today, and blessedly it fit-- with a little work on both me and mom's parts. but hey, beauty is pain, right? and its not really painful either. tomorrow is going to be interesting... bets and i get up in the morning and pack and then leave at 10:45 with mom to sit through the english class she teaches at north asheville baptist, and then we go over to the lutzes and sit around while she watches beth test some kids, and then back to the church to hook up with chip and kelsey and over to the cabin for the retreat. ah yes, the retreat. and what shall i say on that preciouses?hm.shall i say anything at all? i think i shant.and i'm getting really excited about Jamie coming up for spring break-- i've missed him a lot, and also i think we are going to have a lot of fun, even if its not the beach. i cheated this evening and put a tiny bit of butter on my mixed vegetables.i bow down to the diet deities and ask humble forgiveness.which also makes me think to say that if you are not yet going to the dance in april, you sure as heck should go or there shall be firery wrath raining down upon your neglectful heads afterwards. thus sayeth the me. and i'm out b/c i think the low fat spices on my skinless boneless chicken have gone to my head in awful ways.
good morning, gentle readers.i hate diets. i have decided that after this one finishes in a week and a half, i am going to say "SCREW IT!" and just become horrendously obese. sound good to you?so we got a second line installed for the business, which is also forwarding all the business calls over from the colemans. everything is still absolutely chaotic around here, but there is hope for order, and things are starting to look, if not better, at least manageable.an apple and some cheese cubes is not what i call lunch. darn models. tell you i'm sorry you don't know how lovely you are 
she's not a car wreck, you know. so please don't slow down and hang out your window. don't crowd that room until its suffocating and the doctor says it hinders healing. don't just come if you want to reassure yourself that you must be a good person, because obviously only people who have sinned big get bad diseases. don't bring your children. don't walk out afterwards telling them not to smoke (because isn't that how all cancer is caused anyways??) don't bring your self-help books or your miracle diets. don't cling and grasp and suck and need. don't just come because thats what good people do-- don't make this your charity. sometimes, i really hate people....i got a thing in the mail today-- an aplication to this global leadership program. 13 days spread between Prague, Budapest, and Vienna... only 5,000 dollars. donations anyone?and i'm trying to learn to see my blessings, trying to accept things with more grace and brush more things off my shoulder. trying to notice the details instead of being stuck on the big issue. trying to grow up.don't burst the bubble.
i just need this to be alright i can't feel this another night i can't take this;i come unglued i might break down in front of you......there has been too much of this week. at random points during my days i had to fight to keep from just sitting down in some corner and crying-- not over anything in particular, but because there was nothing else to do. i wish we didn't live on such a busy road now. i used to take walks late at night, just to clear my head and find perspective, but now all i've got is a bunk bed and a cd player-- and that just doesn't quite match up to a sky full of stars and cold toes in dewey grass.the creed exercise this morning wasn't encouraging for me. it should have been. and i did write down a lovely paragraph or two of exactly what i "should" be feeling-- the struggles that as a fairly normal christian teenager i should be going through and the ideas i should be holding onto. but if i were to be really, deeply honest with that exercise, my paper merely would have saiddo i believe? ...could it be that i don't want to save you anymore? could it be that i don't have what it takes? 
strange how your life can be completely turned upside down by just one little word.please pray for all of the colemans.
okay. so its been a little while since i posted. a lot of stuff has happened but nothing really important, or at least that i want to talk about right now. what i want right now is a nap. but my mommy says i must stay awake for awhile longer so that i won't wake up in the middle of the night or some crap... like i couldn't sleep fifteen hours straight! oh yea of little faith. this weekend has been both tiring and relaxing, but very fun. it was nice to just go and hang out with mi compadres, altho this afternoon i totally crashed, which made me a little mad cuz i wanted to go to ashely's and hang out but i am just too tired to get real clothes on(yup, already in my pjs) and go. okay, so nothing much else to talk about.oh wait! yes. if you think about it, next wednesday please be praying for Ms. Wendy b/c she is going in to have major surgery and it is also my mom's birthday. so try to keep her in your thoughts and the doctors as well.
greetings gentle blog-readers.heh.so i missed the youth leadership meeting tonight which i didn't like, but then i didn't get home until like 7 and it was a good night to stay at home and create order. but i shall try to be at the other ones if i can!today was a stepping-back day. lots of stories told, but very few mine and i liked it that way. it was a day to listen and laugh a little inside my head, but also bend my mind around understanding and perspective. i think perspective is a horrible thing to lose(funny from a girl who doesn't have any to lose in the firstplace!)i got the pictures copied today and they all were wonderful. i think she will enjoy them emmensly.sometimes i feel like such a growned-up... isn't that silly?terribly silly.hell if i know.
...Dedicated To _____six pages of nothing scrawled out on notebook paper hello how are you? but it means nothing and i still cry over pictures.(because you're gone)...
 Run your mouth when I'm not around It's easy to achieve You cry to weak friends that sympathize Can you hear the violins playing you song? Those same friends tell me your every word...and if you know where those lyrics came from, then i'm sorry, and i'd just like to say that i don't even like the whole song, just that little part. so don't make fun o' me! :D
 and if you ever said you'd miss me than don't say you never liedsoaking up Queen Of The Damned. read half the book in 3 hours. really interesting... the more i read the more i like her style of writing. its very intimate, but in a genuine way, something that not many authors can do, but when they can its beautiful.i am addicted to american idol *shoot me, oh god... just shoot me!* 
so hopefully this time i'm back for good-- unless we find another darned problem with this peice of junk pc! this weekend was wonderful. the concert was pretty good-- 2 out of the 3 bands were good, and 1 of those 2 was AWESOME(sort of like a christian rage agains the machine) at the concert i got to hang out with some of my old friends, but most especially my best friend from 8th grade year who i haven't seen since. she's still really cool(maybe even a little cooler--but aren't we all since 8th?) however, it was a little shocking to see her really goth/punk when before she was very sweet and innocent looking. but then, i think the goth fits her personality better anyways. church sunday was good although there were a more people there than usual(or did it just seem that way?) and i think a lot of them really missed the point of it which made me sad. oh, and one word about youth leadership which i think at least 3 people have already mentioned: C-O-N-V-I-C-T-I-O-Ngot to hang out sunday afternoon with becky and sarah and laura. very relaxing even tho the movie wasn't that good and the walk around fletcher park was pointless. but isn't that what sunday afternoons are for?okay, i have my mommy's credit card and i must go register for the SAT what joy is mine.i love you all
hmm... i think i shall put this one up on all three.(three? you query-- but the last one is all and only mine-- to say the things i cannot say to you, yet)Dangerous Open Boxes what's the pointin all this posturing? I know you seeright through all my lies. but still I pretend--that if I hide awayand put on all my masks-- you'll let me slide covered up in secrets wrapped inside deceit you peel away the layers to find the rawand untamed me.
wow... its been a little while since i posted on here. i guess thats what i get for not getting on the computer. so next monday is our official last day of school, altho its really just going to be one large party. i took my algebra final yesterday, and i have absolutely no idea how i did on it-- but i'm guessing not too stellar. since finishing LOTR, i've sort of run out of reading material, i guess its time for me to find some money and buy more books. of course, i could go back and reread some of my older books/series,but after the 5th or 6th time, i know the story so well that i can practically recite it in my head, without having to look at the words.sunday i went and saw the Punisher. DON'T go see it. it made me so mad and depressed in the end. i hate when movies make the supposed good guy into someone you hate. i mean, in the end he's giving his little "wherever there is evil and injustice, i will be there" speech, and it was so stupid because all through the movie he had been doing these really mean vindictive things-- and now he thought he could go be a superhero? i'm sorry, just because you're fighting against the "bad guys" does not make you a good guy.whatever happened to integrity?anyways, i'm gone.
i finished LOTR today. i feel like i have accomplished something with that... i mean, that was the first timereading it on my own . i mean, sure i've heard it must be 20 times read outloud(with individual character voices) since i was age 4, but there is something much different about reading it myself... altho in my head i still pretend that its my dad doing the voices, except they don't sound quite as good just in my head.this afternoon i went with emily over to her house to do laundry, and then since chris is at work until 10:30 we went and at celito lindos in brevard for a rediculously low price... i love mexican restaurants(i don't think thats spelled right but i never have been able to spell that damn word anyways). she's very cool, and a lot like me, which i didn't expect when i first met her. funny how that is with people... they keep suprising you.i miss my clothes.
i painted a picture yesterday its not what i wanted to paint but i still like it sort of like an ugly baby...my nose is running like a faucet which is quite suprising and unpleasant, seeing as never before have i had alergies and suddenly *boom* here they are and using tissue is like trying to stop a flood with a 2x4.today we went up onto the parkway and did the short trail up to devil's courthouse. it was amazing the sky was clear and i could see for miles... absolutely wonderful.and then we went over to the pisgah inn for a late lunch which was tasty and expensive as always, but thouroughly enjoyable. i told him about... the trees that fell in the street the dust that caked our bare feet the teachers that took away my pride the parents who made me want to die the nights i spent out in the rain screaming, "god, i'm going insane!"i told him about my hometown ...the place where we all fall down
 yesterday i felt so cold, i felt like i could die took the needles from my arms and put them to the sky 
wow. what a weird week. too much to talk about all that now. so instead, we skip ahead to the weekend. the florence weekend. easter weekend.you should have seen me, you skeptics. i wore a knee length white skirt, and white high heels and a bright colored striped top.i looked ready for some flippin garden party. bleck!but at least the church service was better than expected. not good, mind you, but at least entertaining.there were two interpretive dances, one which was alright. the childrens choir sang "adorably" off key. an "average joe" randomly strolled up to the pulpit and started asking the pastor "hard questions" about christianity, only to be led(totally unscripted, now!) to christ. and if you believe that i have a bridge to sell you! the audience thought it was wonderful.but you know, as cynical of it as i am, they really are sweet people. good people. loving people. and i know that sometimes they do want to jump out of their seats and live radically for god... they just can't find their ways out of the country club. and i think i really shouldnt be so snotty about it all, its not like i'm miss perfect never sins or is hypocritical christian... not a chance. my sins aren't better.it just bugged me during the "dialogue" with the "unsaved joe" how they never touched on the real questions. it was just a more interesting way for the pastor to give his regular easter sermon. and during one of his little speals, i almost jumped out of my seat and started asking my own questions. "so you say he's changed your life... how?" "and are you sure that you've done enough good deeds to get into heaven?" "have you ever looked out upon this sea of complacent faces and wished for passion?" "do you ever get tired of your faith that only fills boxes and your grace that never breaks down all the walls?"but instead i sat on my hands. because they really are nice people. and no matter how big of a scene i made, they wouldnt get it. because not only are they comfortable right where they are, they can't comprehend anything different.i'm comfortable, too. but at least i know that there is something more, if i was only willing to go for it, to give up this for that. so does that make me better than them? no. worse.because i know and still i resist... at least they don't know whats really out there for them, the freedom they can have. they are blind. i see the chains around me and yet i am still.
have you ever been down to rosetta's kitchen late at night? i love the air, there. really warm and smells of herbs and things cooking. and all the people seem so surreal--like maybe they just came into existence when you walked in the door, with their odd hair and fascinating conversations already half-completed. a guy at the table over from us shared his fries .its hard to be on both sides of a wall. i have to side with him, my gut rebels against anything else, but my heart reaches out and bleeds for her because i know. i know the pain of being off inside but not quite realizing the need for change yet as the world slowly falls apart around you, and some of its your fault, but the one driving need is to feel... right.so tear me open pour me out there's things inside that scream and shout... ...and the dirt still stains me so wash me until i'm clean 
Everybodys watching you now Everybody waits for you now What happens next?What happens next? I dare you to move Like today never happened,today never happened before... Redemption is here ,Between who you are and who you could be,Between how it is and how it should beI dare you to lift yourself up off the floor,Maybe redemption has stories to tell,Maybe forgivness is right where you fell ,Where can you run to escape from yourselfWhere are you gonna go? Where are you gonna go?Salvation is here... 
 sunrise like a nosebleed your head hurts and you can't breathe you've been trying to throw your arms around the worldless than a half a day until the dance. the scene keeps popping into my mind from Ever After when she walks up that little platform and is looking out across the sea of somewhat unfriendly faces "just breathe"she whispers.or trinity, laying at the bottom of the stairs holding two guns trying to talk herself into moving.or medea on the brink of insanity debating with herself whether it is better to kill her children herself, or let them be taken by her enemies and forever lose her chance for revenge.i think medea loves her children strongly. there is no weakness in her decision. and i don't know that i could handle love that strong, that absolutely immovable. i wish for a weak love, a love that doesn't always do what's right or necessary, a love that often loses, and very rarely wins.for two reasons. one) because you can run away from a weak love and two) because you won't want to run away.i think i did about the most horrible job of communicating that ever. sorry. have you heard the new switchfoot song? i think i'll post some of it up here. its lovely. i love it.
alright, i have two quotes that i think are really cool to post up here tonight, the first is from St.Augustine and the second is from a Morrisey song: "Every man who walks into a brothel is looking for God whether he knows it or not""You'll never know the sun until you've seen dawn rise behind a school for the blind" ...yah, well i think their cool.tonight mom and i went shopping so that i could get a bathingsuit before we go to NCHE and then to LA-- since there will be swimming oportunities at both and i really couldn't wear the mismatched peices from several different suits that i have been making due with since the weather got nice. the only problem with mom and i going shopping is that we tend to buy way more stuff then we walked in wanting to get, and so we came out loaded with bags when we had went in for just 2 things-- but i'm not really complaining :)NCHE is going to be such a hassle this year. I am not getting there until early Friday afternoon, but even so i will be working all of friday and saturday with maybe one or two breaks-- which is a lot different from the last few times when i have gone and just hung out with people or wandered around the conference. however, mom is paying betsy and i both $30 dollars a day to work, and i really do need the money. 
so, the yardsale is tomorrow and i am definetly helping... i don't want to, you know, but i feel obligated, and i am desperately trying to tell myself "you will have fun, and if you don't go then you will be angry at yourself afterwards" which is usually the case with these things.i got a phonecall from eric today, he is NOT in bootcamp, but in texas with his Dad. i felt guiltily relieved. aparently his recruiter screwed up some paperwork stuff and so he wasn't able to go to boot, and so now he will be coming back here in a few weeks and trying to get into the Marines, who hopefully won't screw him over like the Army did. i am so happy. i mean, i know that he is really upset about not being able to go--it was something he really wanted-- and i know that he will just end up leaving again as soon as he can get it worked out with the marines, but i am selfish. and i am glad he is not gone.Jasmine's going away party is on June 6th. I am helping her plan it altho perversely, i will not be going.i don't want to go to LA this year. i really don't want to have to deal with that world-- the reality they create-- but i know that its the only time i will be able to see dad, and i am his daughter afterall.
eric is gone. 9 months. the drive back from charlotte was hideous. i miss him. 
440 on math 720 on verbalmom was pretty mad about how low the math was, but i wasn't that suprised, and i'm happy with my verbal. i'm going to use a prep book over the summer to try and bring it up to at least over 500.. but i'm not sweating it.eric is leaving tomorrow morning. i hope that i can get a ride to charlotte to see him off.i think that mint chip icecream can fix just about anything.
 deep inside your soul there's a hole you don't want to see covering it up like a cut with the likes of me even though i try i just can't get my head around you all of yesterday there was no power and subsequently no water at my house.it was probably the laziest day i have had all year and thats saying something. i sat by the window all day and read, and then when it was too dark to see the small print i took sharpies and wrote on my shoes. the power company keep pushing the time back of when we would get our power back on until finally they said it wouldn't be until 10:30 pm. so we went to Cielito Lindos and listened to the mariachi band and ate fried icecream, and then checked into a hotel for the night. bets and i went out to denny's and talked to people there, including eric who is leaving in 4 days for the Army. that makes me sad. i'm going to miss him... he's sort of being a staple in my life since i first moved up here and now he's not going to be around. i think i'm going to cook him dinner sunday. i didn't really sleep last night for a number of reasons and i'm expecting that tonight will be pretty much the same since i'm sleeping over at the rayl's.i really should sleep more. oh well. do you ever get the feeling that you've missed out on something big for your entire life and you've just now finally gotten it but its too late? yah... thats sort of me. i think back on my past and i wonder how different i would be if certain things hadn't happened, and what sort of person i would be like... its hard to recognize that even the things that i regret every moment of my life, and the things that make me cry at night, put me where i am now. i want them to go away, want them never to have happened, but i understand that if they hadn't, then maybe i wouldn't be here and i wouldn't know you and i would not have the same outlook on life as i do now. i wonder if that would be better or worse.its sort of pointless, i know, because i really can't go back and change things, but i guess it helps me a little to realize that everything has some sort of value in it-- even the worst things, because those hurts just made me stronger, and made me able to cope with lesser things later on. god blesses us in the most unexpected ways. 
i watched White Oleander this morning. its still dark outside. my eyes ache. i'm wondering what its like... fill in your blank. wait, they don't love you like i love you wait, they don't love you like i love you wait... 
home. call me.
that was the sort of weekend to make one hate weekends.but isn't i funny how the things you think that you absolutely can't handle are exactly what you need the most?the songs were like bullets to the chest-- blowing through all the walls i had already started building up around the situation to keep from collapsing. but sometimes its okay to be shattered, and standing in that stairwell undone, i found unexpected grace, and i am beginning to think that, for me, grace will always be unexpected.then sitting in that uncomfortable folding chair looking around the table at faces i hardly new and trying to talk about god's love. suddenly overwhelmed by the knowledge that i amsosmall and that he is so big.but it still hurts. 
 rain rain on my face hasn't stopped raining for days so. the SATs are over. i was suprised at how quickly i got through each test, i usually had about 10 minutes to sleep before the clock stopped. i don't know if thats a good thing or a bad thing but i really don't care. i know what i know, i don't know what i don't, and no amount of calculater banging or hair pulling or pencil breaking will change that.really really messed up inside about a lot of things. i hate this feeling. why can't the world just leave me alone? i bet its asking the same question about me...
wow,what a feeling. i wore real clothing for the first time in over a week... it was really strange. especially since, altho i am no longer contagious and therefore allowed out of the house, i look as if i have really really bad acne i was very self-concious. i noticed that i was not looking people in the eye as much, trying to cover my face with my hair, even walking more self-conciously, and it really made me realize how much i care about my appearance. i mean, what should i care if the people in the mexican resturaunt think i have bad skin? why should it matter? but it does. and its not even like i really look like this all the time. so depending on how i feel i may come to the concert at church tomorrow, i'm still not sure about that though. i mean, i want to come, but just going out to eat this evening made me really tired and i'm wondering how being around a bunch of people i actually know and am excited about seeing will make me feel physically. its also been pretty strange around my house, because everyone is very stressed out, but since i'm sick i've been sort of the observer and not really in the middle of things. i've been able to sit back and watch everyone else which is definetly new for me and also a little uncomfortable... because i felt so disconnected from everyone.they were all so careful around me and concientious which is definetly NOT how they usually act. i mean, i love my family but we are all pretty intense about our own things and not really other peoples. but anyways... this is just to say i'm still alive and i hope i will get to see you before i leave...again... next tuesday.
chickenpox. yup. at 15 years old. and i don't even know how i got them. did you know that you can get chickenpox on your earlobe? and in your armpits? and up your nose and in your mouth and on your scalp? i didn't until yesterday. it almost looks like i just have horrible acne... except that anyone who had acne this bad would probably commit suicide out of self-loathing. and i am having the strangest fantasies about scraping all my skin off or lighting myself on fire... because it only hurts for a little bit and then i would be blissfully dead and no longer so horrificly... itchy. is it wrong to want to burn your own skin off? and of course the worst of it is that this is not a bad enough case that mom will take me to a doctor and get some tranquilizers so i can just be nocked out for a week or so, so i have to just suffer through this until it decides to leave. but enough of my bitching... i'm sure all of you have had chickenpox, and you all obviously survived and are not permanently damaged... altho chickenpox did drive our chicken's crazy when they got it-- thats what happens to chickens. so i suppose i should be thankful that i am not a chicken because i am only itchy instead of absolutely insane.
its always weird coming home and realizing that the world didn't stop just because i was away. everyone's lives moved on while i was in a different state, and i just missed peices of it. which sucks.once again my entire world has become one huge chaotic mess-- we are going too many places in too short of time but thats how it goes. my room is a mess(more than usual) and i'm living out of a suitcase practically. sometimes i wish for normalcy... but later i am always glad that wishes don't really come true. i like my life i do. sometimes it just wears me out.
ah, and i have to tell you this!driving through bev. hills, i was commenting to Lee that people here were so much different then they are over in NC. she was interested and asked me, "how are they different? in what ways?" i didn't exactly know how to explain it to her, until i looked out the driver side window and started laughing, because i had found the perfect example-- the man in the passenger seat of the car next to us was plucking his eyebrows as the traffic sped along. it was probably one of the most absurd things i have seen in my entire life, and absolutely not something you would find in asheville. we all of course, were laughing uproriously-- and the man next to us with the perfectly groomed eyebrows was completely oblivous.i just thought you might enjoy that. 
we are going to the beach tomorrow. and then sunday-- home. 
okay. so i have been wondering lately if our youth group has any other hobbies besides ultimate, soccer, swing dance, and coffee. i mean, honestly. i'm feeling a little left out because i can't play soccer, i'm afraid of frisbees, and i have no rhythm... i can drink coffee and thats about it. and it seems like at church, at least on wednesdays, thats about all we talk about, and about all we plan to do... except for the occasional movie. so i'm sort of glad that wednesday night church is ending. perhaps i am just getting bored-- need a change, and maybe once the summer is over i will be able to appreciate things more. i don't know. i just wish that i didn't feel like if i am not a part of certain things, or like to do certain things, than there is no place for me. not to say that anyone shuts me out or is not interested in me... but we don't ever have anything to talk about. i smile, say "whats up?" and "oh, yah, i'm doing fine" and then we smile at each other and move on to different conversations with people more compatable.i like you. i think you're positively wonderful. but i tend to wonder if we will ever be anything more than casual aquaintances... if we will ever turn into friends. because i've known you for a while now, and i'm still hopelessly baffled as to how to go about getting to know you. i can't take up certain of your hobbies. do you have any others? i mean... honestly.
oh why can't i be what you need? a new improved version of me but i'm nothing so good no i'm...nothingi think i'm missing something i'm just not sure what. nothing satisfies. is this apathy or emotional overload? why can't i keep my heartrate normal... why do i lose my breathe every time i think of you? i'm not sure whats wrong or if there is anything wrong at all. and everythings changing. nothing calms. when i walk through these flames will you be on the otherside waiting... you promised me forever but that was a long time ago. and i feel so betrayed by everything because i can't control the world and you're just waiting for me to ask but my lips have forgotten the shape of repentance. so i wait. here...alone.and only you can give the breathe of life but you don't see me you don't... 
his name was Tennessee. he had aids, severe schitzophrenia and an alcohol problem. Sarah talked to him the most because she has the heart that I lack in many ways. i wanted to weep. if anyone had laughed i think i would have.I probably should have learned some lesson from him. maybe i did. but unfortunately i don't know what it was... but i will remember Tennessee. and Rosco. 
me: spinning around in circles in a rolling desk chair thinking "god,&nbsp; i am so glad you made humans creative" because what would i do if no one had ever thought of rolly desk chairs? circles...circles...circles... getting dizzy but the room is so much more interesting in this multi-colored blur&nbsp; and such is my day(or the best of it at least) gosh...i'm just full of interesting, aren't i. 
i'm leaving for boone in the morning. i won't be back until thursday night. i'm getting really tired of all this traveling. next monday is my appointment with the orthopedic surgeon, which i am fairly nervous about. i hope it all goes well. nothing much else to say. probably should be in bed. but its midnight. and thats ways too early... 
okay, so this is just something that i came across last week and thought was pretty cool. you may think its sort of cheesy or whatever, but i really like it and i hope that you at least find it interesting, whatever you final judgement on it is :) "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, 'who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?' Actually, who are you NOT to be? You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do. We were born to manifest the glory of God that is within us. It is not just in some of us; it is in everyone. As we let our own light shine, we unconciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. so yah, i thought that was really cool and wanted to share. much love.
i hate this feeling of helplessness. i was going to tell you about my trip but i just can't right now, i'm sorry. 
weird. i was just reading through some of my blog posts from 2 years ago on my old blog. its really strange because i remember the things i was writing about on there but they were a lot different than what i made them out to be in my posts. i sounded so happy-- so spastic. i think that its really easy to see how other people change and i sort of get the idea that i have always been a certain way until i look back and realize that i've changed a lot too. and its not bad necessarily, its just shocking because when i look back its almost as if i'm looking at a totally different person, because i can't remember feeling or thinking that way.well, i put in my application at L&amp;L Bagel and i am going in monday to interview with the owner. I really do hope i get a job there even tho everyone else who works there is absolutely crazy. at least i will have some food experience so i can work in nicer restaraunts later on. 
tomorrow morning i am going to apply for a job wish me luck :) 
you might just be what i need,no...i would not change a thingso, warped tour was the best it has ever been-- even though i did get kicked in the head and almost pass out. i was in the front row for both Bouncing Souls and From Autumn To Ashes and got to shake the lead singers' hands which was really really cool. on top of everything the weather was great-- cloudy and almost raining-- and so i didn't get too badly sunburned. I took no pictures, bought nothing, and walked away with only a button and an autographed poster(very cool of the band to give it to me for free) and i am sublimely happy. there is something magical about being squashed between sweaty people for 8 straight hours that just makes you feel content. my oldest neice, Lilli, who is almost 4 is staying with us until Friday b/c her mom's grandpa died and Amy had to go up to tennessee for the funeral. it is always really fun to have Lilli with us even tho I am still exhausted from yesterday.and if a peice of you dies,Autumn I will bring you back to life I see you... I do. 
climb up on that cross and crucify yourself its just another day and you're just another modern messiahtry to save them all catch those broken angels when they fall open up your arms and collapse under the weight of all the promises you couldn't keepdon't let yourself realize that this freedom you claim is just another modified cage where all the liars come to laugh at their domesticated modern messiahthe little girl crying in the corner 'cuz she couldn't save the world. 
"Your Wall"You've got a way Of watching the world divideYou into place Direction is lost in flightEveryone is gone Let it slip away Look at you At the end of itThis moment arrivesAnd it takes you further inside In through your wall again That covers you once you're in In through your wall again Until you can reach the endI can see through When communication is gone The pieces of you Fall down from the cloud you were on Now everyone is goneLet it slip away Look at you now you're at the endThis moment arrives And it takes you further inside Into your wall again That covers you once you're in In through your wall again Until you can reach the end In through your wallEmpty your head and the rest will come I missed you then the moment was gone Look at you nowThis moment arises And it takes you further inside Lost your place but no one can tell Thatyou're sick of losing yourself This moment arrives And it takes you further inside Into your wall again That covers you once you're in In through your wall again Until you can reach the end In through your wall ~Revis 
It was Sunday morning in Battery Park we sang hallelujahs that caught spark The breeze blew across my face and up to you And for a moment we were true.But the singing stopped and the voices stilled Sunburn erasing the memories we killed 'til only the scars remain-- Joy, and the beautiful communion of pain I dreamed last night that we stayed the same but it wasn't enough.
I don't want to be the match that starts the fire I don't want to be the stream that creates the canyon I don't want to be a break or a division or a turning point I don't want my actions to matter.I don't want to be a leader I don't want to have to leave I don't want to break your hearts Or leave you hurt and angry I don't want this pressure on me.Let me be invisible again Let me hide in the shadows and not have an affect Let me be lonely and alone Because at least then it wouldn't matter If I go.
we paint the world in blue and black-- midnight skies and old cadillacs dark secrets we're forced to keep swollen eyes that cannot sleep. we paint the town in red and grey-- concrete walls that hide the day lipstick poems on bathroom stalls forgotten ghosts run down the halls. we paint our thoughts in white and brown-- dreams, once bright, now fallen down angel wings dragged through the dirt old bandages to hide the hurts. we paint our words orange and green-- broken passions kept unseen burning fires and vibrant life now dull and colorless from all the strife. we paint our hearts black and blue-- too many lies we thought were true bruises hidden from spiteful eyes caged inside our own disguises. our pallets empty canvases full the world is running-- we're standing still opaque eyes that hide the stain of bleeding colors and adolescent pains.
ink smeared across my fingertips-- liquid bruises literary self-abuse. i've been drinking life from a fountain pen sucking out the marrow-- licking lyrics off my lips. swallowing whole the words of poets, only physically dead leaving the imprint of my thoughts on creamy pages, corners bent. ink smearing across my soul again-- black scars of living, tattoed poetic breaths.
I've started this new blog specifically so that I can have a special place to post all my poetry, and also quotes and song lyrics I like instead of crowding up my other blog with them. all the poetry I post will be from what I have just written onwards, none of my old stuff, just because it would take too long to type it all in. I am going to try to get a guestbook on here pretty soon, but use it more as a comment board on the poetry rather than just a regular guestbook.Also, I probably don't have to say this to any of you, but just in case... Many of my poems are very personal and relate to pretty sensitive issues going on in my life, so if I have given you this address, that means I trust you not to spread them around or tell other people anything about me that these poems might reveal. but like I said, I don't think any of you would actually do that intentionally :) alright, thats all ~love~ em
where do you draw the line between love and destruction? i thought i lost you but it was just another summer dream when all the words slur in my mouth like whipped cream and i wanted to scream wanted to scream...we can't get it right we can't make it true i thought i lost you but it was just another autumn night when all the bruises melt into the firelight i wanted to fight wanted to fight...where do you draw the line between the earth and the sky? you made me love you you made me cry i wanted to save you but you let me die...was it love or just destruction? ...and what if there's no line? 
deep down behind the mascara and the frustrated frown look in past the scars and the charred skin where the burn marks fade and the kisses stain underneath the tears but above the painfall insidedrop your coat and get comfortable this might take awhile to explain to you why i can't fly can't even try close your eyes and touch the sky but don't ask me why why? why... i can't fly.
so this is sort of how i'm feeling right now, i changed around the lyrics a little bit (most notable, from "him" to "her")Poetic Tragedy ~The Usedthe cup is not half empty as pescimists say as far as she's sees nothings left in the cup a whole cup full of nothing for her to induldge since the voice of ambition has long since been shut up a singer, a writer,she's not dreaming now of going nowhereshe gave heed to nothing, and all that she was.... is just a tragedy so she voyages in circles succeeds in getting nowhere and submits to the substance that first got her there than in violent, frustration she cries out to Godor just no one is there a point to this madness ? and all that she was.... is just a tragedy she feels alone her heart in her handshe's alone she feels aloneI feel....then on that last day she breaks and she stood tall and she yelled... and she takes his life 
if they x-rayed me they'd see it its pooling in my body cavity flowing down to my ankles clotting in my arms they'd be scared those doctors who know everything one girl can't hold this much all inside of her sometimes i'm afraid that i'll open up my mouth to scream for help and it will all come pouring out rushing out in one flood they'll scream as it pools around their ankles stains the floor but i'll be free i won't have to hold it all in anymore i'll stretch my mouth out open wide until it all flows out to the very last drop of misery.
Don't hold yourself like that You'll hurt your knees I kissed your mouth and back But that's all I need Don't build your world around volcanoes melt you downWhat I am to you is not real What I am to you you do not need What I am to you is not what you mean to me You give me miles and miles of mountains And I'll ask for the seaDon't throw yourself like that In front of me I kissed your mouth your back Is that all you need? Don't drag my love around volcanoes melt me downWhat I am to you is not real What I am to you you do not need What I am to you is not what you mean to me You give me miles and miles of mountains And I'll ask for what I give to you Is just what i'm going through This is nothing new No no just another phase of finding what I really need Is what makes me bleed And like a new disease she's still too young to treat Volcanoes melt me down She's still too young I kissed your mouth You do not need me ~Damien Rice "Volcano"
easily offended you cry wolf blame it on me say that i'm angry that i have problems why won't i talk? why can't i share? whats wrong with me... whats wrong withyou ?why are you asking all these questions when you don't want the answers you don't want to know my problems why i'm angry and whats wrong you want me to apologize for hurting your feelings even though i've done nothing wrongand i'm tired of this tired of giving you the answers you want tired of playing this game tired of being the one you lean on the one you steal fromjust hope that someday i don't just answer all the questions truthfully 'cuz you couldn't handle it you can't handle mewatch out one day you may cry wolf and i may just cry back. 
didn't you notice? ...and i thought it was so obvious but maybe it wasn't that important to you.don't you care? ...and i thought you loved me but maybe that doesn't mean as much to you.can't you understand? ...or are you just too blinded but maybe its me thats been blind all along.
fragment...so now i'm taking back all the things i never got to say blame me for not letting you attack and forgetting i was supposed to run away.
as i was rumaging around my room last night, i found a notebook with some poems in it i had totally forgotten about. they were from last year, when i was really depressed, and while most of them are pretty much just emotional vomit, these few are good i think...about a fight w. my mom :jerking, tumbling, screaming broken down and bleeding another head on collision and my wounds aren't healing we always walk away a little battered and i'm trying to pretend that what you said doesn't matter but the scars stay and my body aches from bruises-- the ones your words left on me. once again i can't find a winner just two survivors stumbling, weeping, crawling back into our cages where we can rest a little while until this all starts again-- another head on collisioni love you, mom, and i just wish that you would love me, too or at least just pretend... numb. black. tired. sorry. sorry i failed you i forgive you for failing me but i don't forget never. silent. broken. keep it down. i don't have emotions emotions are for the weak. screaming i'm so sorry-- sorry i failed you. sorry that you can't see how you failed me.and this one i'm really not sure what its about just cuz it was awhile ago when i wrote it...i used to sit alone in my room with my head against the wall listening to the music that only i could heari used to wrap myself in your arms and lay my head against your shoulder listening to the music that only we two could heari used to cry myself to sleep at night with my face pressed into the pillow listening to the music that only the lonely hearand now i'm sitting next to you with my shoulders straight and head high listening to the music that you will never hear.
quiet all please close your ears the scene is finally starting i'm entertaining angels at this savage garden party you may have lost a friend but at least you gained a martyr another crucifiction is a proven party starter take another step back from the emotions that you live for count to ten and breath it in you're nothing that you don't pay for i thought i told you long ago to kill the stars so bright another wounded judas is smothering the night quiet all please close your eyes this scene's about to end so take your bows and die off now i've no use for another friend a martyr's nothing more than a coward dying quickly so take a stand and lead the fight if you're feeling at all sickly and now adieu the curtain closes you attention i hold still so bite your tongues you old and young and give me one last word in this i have the kill back off now before they break you destruction of what you want will make you into what they need another player for their game another soul whose lost his shame bow out now before its too late to open up your eyes sometimes its better to never see the suprise. 
take a step into air hang for a second then crumble down past the rocks and the sand and the sea down through the waterlast breath screaming in your lungs last tears bleeding from your eyes last thoughts flashing in your mind jump so far to fly so highcan't be here can't stay the same all i know is i can't changetake a breath gasp in air try to catch the vacant stares of all the ones you left behind far below you nowyou can't touch them and they can't see that now you're finally freeright here with me. 
i can't control this and i can't make it right i can't fight off another demon tonighti can't reach the phone but i need to hear your voice i thought i had other options but this is my only choice. i can't be this unsturdy can i really be so weak?would you say the things i needed if i let you speak?run and hide run and hide they can't hurt you ifyou're not alive if i don't look i won't see you frown how can you hold me up when i've already fallen down? 
Savage GardenCrash and Burn When you feel all alone And the world has turned its back on you Give me a moment please to tame your wild wild heart I know you feel like the walls are closing in on you It's hard to find relief and people can be so cold When darkness is upon your door and you feel like you can't take anymoreLet me be the one you call If you jump I'll break your fall Lift you up and fly away with you into the night If you need to fall apart I can mend a broken heart If you need to crash then crash and burn You're not aloneWhen you feel all alone And a loyal friend is hard to find Your caught in a one way street With the monsters in your head When Hopes n dreams are far away and You feel like you can't face the dayLet me be the one you call If you jump I'll break your fall Lift you up and fly away with you into the night If you need to fall apart I can mend a broken heart If you need to crash then crash and burn Your not aloneBecause there has always been heartache and pain and when it's over you'll breathe again You'll breathe againWhen you feel all alone And the world has turned it's back on you Give me a moment please To tame your wild wild heartLet me be the one you call if you jump i'll break you fall Lift you up and fly away with you into the night If you need to fall apart I can mend a broken heart If you need to crash then crash and burn You're not alone 
 Frail another promise i made to myself and couldn't keep lies broken on the floor i've tried to be the one that the world leans on but i can't do it anymore. too many times i've tried to be my own messiah crucifying myself on a cross of all my pride thse lies are forcing me to see the truth about myself-- that my so-called strength is just another place to hide. but its gotten to the pointwhere i can't take this another night i'm tired of living in darkness and pretending i have light i'm scared that i won't wake up from this nightmare i call life and i just need you to be real right now i need this to be alright-- 'cuz i'm slowly losing hope that i'll ever be anything more than frail.
the pills go in and the vodka follows and suddenly she's spinning golden dreams to swallow and she feels so fucking useless but at least no longer hollow lost inside this nightmare drowning in the shallowsshe's lying through her apathy drugged up eyes deceiving afraid of what she might become-- another lost child dreaming 'cause life got twisted and she's forgotten blakc lights darkly gleaming hating all their sympathy but on it slowly feedinglost control and now she's falling she's so far belowand the car keeps stalling no answer on the phone but i keep calling can't lose another fight got to find her honest-- one last wound tonight.
there's a place inside my head where you can't go and there's secrets that you'll never get to share there's wounds that you can't heal and things that you won't feel there are things about me you'll never understand believe me whne i tell you this is all that i can give you'll have to be content with what you see because although i love you and want to love you i can't give you every part of me cuz its not free.
i didn't think i would care it felt like it didn't matter but i do and it does and that hurts.
about emily's dancing...on stage with her body taut straining for grace. she takes a step toes pointed-- heels lifting off the black floor-- and as she leaps the sky bends down so that fingers-- grasping at heaven-- touch the cheeks of angels and close upon themselves, blessed. until eyes closed in extasy open to find the beauty in her every step. 
Don't waste your touch, you won't feel anything Or were you sent to save me? I've thought too much, you won't find anything... Worthy of redeemingYo he esta-do agui muchas veces antes y regresoTo... break down, and cease all feeling Burn now, what once was breathing Reach out, and you may take my heart awayImperfect cry, and scream in ecstasy So what befalls the flawless? Look what I've built, it shines so beautifully Now watch as it destroys meY regreso agui otra vez y comienzoTo... break down, and cease all feeling Burn now, what once was breathing Reach out, and you may take my heart awayBreak down, and cease all feeling Burn now, what once was breathing Reach out, and you may take my heart awayI left it all behind, and never said goodbye I left it all behind, and never said goodbye I left it all behind, and never said goodbye I left it all to dieI saw its birth, I watched it grow I felt it change me I took the life, I ate it slow Now it consumes meI... break down, and cease all feeling Burn now, what once was breathing Reach out, and you may take my heart awayBreak down, and cease all feeling Burn now, what once was breathing Reach out, and you may take my heart away ... Heart away~AFI 
When passion's lost and all the trust is gone, Way too far, for way too long Children crying, cast out and neglected, Only in a world so cold, only in a world this cold Hold the hand of your best friend, look into their eyes, Then watch them drift away Some might say, we've done the wrong things, For way too long, for way too longFever inside the storm, So I'm turning away, Away from the name (calling your names) Away from the stones (throw sticks and stones) 'Cause I'm through mending the wounds of usKeep your thorns 'Cause I'm running away, Away from the games (fucking head games) Away from the space (hate this head space) The circumstances of a world so coldBurning whispers, remind me of the days, I was left alone, in a world this cold Guilty of the same things, provoked by the cause, I've left alone, in a world so cold Fever inside the storm, So I'm turning away, Away from the name (calling your names) Away from the stones (throw sticks and stones) 'Cause I'm through mending the wounds of usKeep your thorns, 'Cause I'm running away, Away from the games (fucking head games) Away from the space (hate this head space) The circumstances of a world so coldI'm flying, I'm flying away, Away from the names (calling your names) Away from the games (fucking head games) The circumstances of a world so coldWhy does everyone feel like my enemy, Don't want any part of depression or darkness, I've had enough, Sick and tired, bring the sun, or I'm gone, or I'm goneI'm backing out, I'm no pawn, No mother-fucking slave to this, Never lied Never left Never lived Never loved Never lost Never hurt Never worry about being me, or anyone else Not a care, no concern, don't give a shit about anything,Backing out, giving up, no mother-fucking slave to this, Never lied Never left Never lived Never loved Never lost Never hurt Never worry about being me, or anyone else Not a care, no concern, don't give a shit about anything,I need to find a darkened corner, A lightless corner, Where it's safer and calmer,I'm turning away, Away from the name (calling your names) Away from the stones (throw sticks and stones) 'Cause I'm through mending the wounds of usI'm running away, Away from the games (fucking head games) Away from the space (hate this head space) The circumstances of a world so coldI'm flying, I'm flying away, Away from the names (calling your names) Away from the games (fucking head games) The circumstances of a world so cold ~Mudvayne
you cry so much i wonder what it means are you really hurting when they flow in saline streams? and what would you do if your world fell down? you've cried so much we're all ready to drown in the puddles and pools of your melodramatic distress about how he hasn't called or you don't fit in that dress. so tell me truly, what does it all mean? are you really heartbroken or still in that dream where your tiny problems warrant such weeping. wake up, little girl, the world isn't sleeping.
I can't move but I can't stay still inside me this burning fills my every corner spills out of my fingertips and onto this page I can't describe this change. all of my apathy-- all of my chains-- tonight they fell away.
so i guess i found your love-- it was incomprehensible. so i guess i found your strength-- it was insurmountable. so i guess i found your faithfulness-- it was unfathomable. and i guess i found my sin, too but that was unintentional.i prayed a prayer before i went wanting you to make me new but i realize now how little i wantedto need to see you. i wanted to be in control didn't really want what i had prayed wanted to be afraid of all this so i could justify my running away. i wanted you to be fallible wanted everything to fall apart so i wouldn't have to trust you or repent of my stubborn heart.so i thank you for being incomprehensible... insurmountable... unfathomable...and seeing through the lies that i've been telling from the start.
a poem for brevard...i walk up the hill past the food co-opand the hippy clothing exchange i sing out a hello to the yellow lab in the parkinglot and smile back at all the tourists as they stare at me. i cross the road at a run dodging between minivans and rusted pickup trucks share a silent laugh with a group of college students at the tourists waiting for the light to change at the corner. skip down the sidewalk to the coffee shop sending a smile to the old men sitting out front i stroll inside-- there's a chess game going on in the corner and a girl sits tuning her guitar i grab and iced mocha from Michael across the counter and make my way out the back door. crossing through the gravel parking lots behind all the little tourist-friendly stores, i slip backways through downtown alleys and come out in front of the ice cream place where all the tourists sit with strollers full of fussy children and ice cream dripping down their carefully manicured hands. 50's music blares from the speakersas waiters climb between crowded and unaturally clean tables a capitalist's wet dream. and i can't help but smile, because its summer and this is my town. 
i know how she died it was inside beneath the carefully constructed mask she was rotting like a candy apple set out for too long i know how you're dying its inside beneath all your pretty, smiling lies you're crumbling like a peice of bread in nervous handsi know how it goes because, inside, i'm already dead 
silk on my skin like being wrapped in midnight fingers on my thigh tap out the rhythm deep within a beating heartshe smiles up with her eyes closed willing away reality i want to close my eyes forever let the diamonds trickle down my cheeks a butterfly kiss a beating hearti tangle in the stars until blinding light consumes me dancing within the shadow that you forgot to leave behind i only have your memory and it burns right through me trapped inside my beating heart.
its funny how you stay the same. funny... but not really amusing at all. i keep coming back expecting you all to have changed but you're still waiting there its like i never left in the first place i guess it shouldn't suprise me anymore you're just another set of chains that i've broken free from still hanging around, trying to ensnare me but i've gotten out everyone else... they're still stuck inside you trapped beneath your staggering mundanity the petty games the stupid last names i want to scream at you "don't give in! don't all just be the same!" but they aren't listening too wrapped up in you i never thought that one place could hold so much hate could drag so many people down, kill so many dreams funny, isn't it how unaware i was until it was almost too late funny...but not really amusingnot really amusing at all.
we watch sound of music in the dark we tend to laugh during all the serious parts we go around for days afterwards singing "THE HILLS ARE ALIVE..."we tell each other stories only slightly exaggerated we sing snatches of songs only half remembered we fall apart on each others shoulders "...WITH THE SOUND OF MUSIC"we haven't really talked for awhile now i see you now and again but its all changed i remember when we used to dance around to musicals now you've forgotten all the namesi turned the movie off i turned the lights back on with out you... its not the same but for days its going to be stuck in my head "...the hills are alive..." whispered.
she's taking her eyeliner off ...or whats left after the tears its smudged across her cheeks like bruises emotional punches from the weakand now she's wiping her lipstick off red...like the blood where she bit her lip it tastes metallic like gunmetal the cowards way outfantasy bullet to the headshe's taking of her shoes and stockings ripping off confining fabric cages taking it all down until there's nothing but her and the silence in her headnaked. a scared little girl all alone and running away from herself.
did you see her? down there in the pit with her hands in the air she was screaming dancing around like some fallen angel with her hair all messy flying in her eyes. she had that smile like an exploding star frantic bursts of exuberance before she falls apart down in the dirt, underneath the footsteps of all the friends she's never made all the people who love her but forgot to catch her name were you watching? you should have seen her down there in the pit-- she was dancing for you.
Well, you better not see me when you come back.I could be sharin' someone else's pillow.And my love for you is better than diamonds,To you, ev'rything, I bestow.And tomorrow I'll be dancing on my own,And I'll need a kiss for my head that's achin'.And I'll be a hungry dog without a bone,hoping my place with you's not taken. Kiss me and tell me it's not broken.Kiss me and kiss me till I'm dead.See, I'll give you the stars from the bruised ev 'nin' skyand a crown of jewels for your head, now,for your head, now, for your head, now, for your headOne last night in bed for a time,and two more wishes. and both are for thine.And three guesses youre the angel's child,and four hopes this love's not spoiled Kiss me and tell me it's not broken.Kiss me and kiss me till I'm dead.See, I'll give you the stars from the bruised ev 'nin' skyand a crown of jewels for your head, now,for your head, now, for your head, now, for your head nowIf you come back, I'll take you to the garden,we'll dance to an orchestra on the lawn.And we'll roll in the foggy dewand dance with the ghosts upon the dawn., on the dawn, on the dawn (Then you'll) Kiss me and tell me it's not broken.Kiss me and kiss me till I'm dead.See, I'll give you the stars from the bruised ev 'nin' skyand a crown of jewels for your head, now,for your head, now, for your head, now, for your head nowfor your head, now, oh oh ~Mundy "To You I Bestow"
pick up the stars that spilled out of my pocket like dirty confetti from some long-over party sweep out the tears and dried dust mop up the blood and the forgotten dreams pick up all the lost souls and sew back together their seams if you haven't noticed yet we're all falling apart like butterflies the day after their deaths-- still desperately beautiful.... and unfixably broken isn't it sad how all the things i need to say will always be unspokenthe sky seems so horribly empty since i've stolen all its light but i just needed somethingto make your eyes glow last night but afterwards when you were still crying and the light that had filled you was already dying the stars seemed so inadequate...just like me and so i spilt them in the dust and didn't care that today they'd be dirty whats the point? i can't make you love me... i can't make myself love you i wanted to make this dream a reality but now its the morning after another dead souls' party
taste me tongue me swallow me whole devour meconsume me until i am no more crunch me chew me eat out my heart take me apart kiss my lips and say goodbye i'll become you and then i'll die.
...Living Dead Girl never noticed; never cared never focused; never stared never looked; never lied never whispered; never cried never wondered; never dreamed never struggled; never screamed never shuddered; never sighed never lived 'cause you're not alive...
ironic i hurt myself to get back at you perverse how i'm doing what you tell me to you wanted meto fall down bleeding so i would run back to you for what i'm needing and here i am back at your feet bruised and broken how ironic.
some more fragments...okay, so this one is actually a character study.. but i'm not telling who it is!she moves her hands when she talks big exuberant gestures hands stretched, fingers flung far out her face is never still it folds and changes and flows metamorphosis of emotion don't remind me i'd rather just forget fade into nothingness and not have to feel i'd rather just be blind i'd rather just be dead i'll just stay the same while you spin inside my head i'm covered in black and blue red and brown cuts and bruises from when you pushed me down
my Autumn/Moon/Phoenix poem... :D Phoenix Moon when the moon is new and the night is dark outside the city its completely black and the world seems to sit still waiting for something rebirth... renewal... but the moon is new so like the phoenix it rises from the ashes and although we cannot see it this moon is still changing i want to be like the new moon small and silent hiding my incredible light but moving in the darkness not like the full moon gorged full of life only able to decrease and fall away into nothing turn to asheswhen the moon is ne4w and the night is dark outside the cityi like to sit and stare up at the sky waiting for something rebirth... renewal... waiting until like the phoenix-- i rise.
"you're the hand that spins my revolver around when you push me away"
i woke up to meet you but you were already gone i wanted to sing for you but i forgot the song and you always find me at the worst times when i've smudged out all the battle lines and you're not alone and its not fine.i woke up to heal you but you weren't broken i wanted to speak to you but the words had already been spoken and you always find me at the worst place when i've smudged all the makeup off my face and you're not here and i'm out of grace.i woke up to meet you but its all wrong i wanted to keep you but i'm not that strong and i realize i've had you all along can i really be this blind? can you save me? ...do you have the time? 
here's another poem for you. this must be the hundredth, i know it just seems like every time i put pen to paper somehow your name keeps being put down underlined and capitalized as another title for another lonely love song about the only one i ever loved, and how i could never tell you do you ever get tired of reading this? do you ever just scream at the words-- "get over it!" sometimes i do. 
i warned you i told you this would happen i told you i would break your heart is it my fault you didn't believe me? i tried to push you away to close myself off and not listen to you when you said all the things thati needed to hear-- whispered them in my ear i tried to be strong to be cold to be cruel to keep from killing you just by hurting you a little at the start but you resisted and despite all my misgivings i let you in i opened up i lied and told myself that this time it would be different thatthistime i could get close to someone without destroying them but look where we are now broken down and its all my fault i warned you! why didn't you listen? 
yes. that is kelly clarkson.... sorry....
Everybody's talkin' But they don't say a thing They look at me with sad eyes butI don't want their sympathyIt's cool you didn't want me Sometimes you can't go backWhy'd you have to go and make a mess like that?Well I just have to say Before I let go...Have you ever been low? Have you ever had a friend that let you down so? When the truth came out Were you the last to know?Were you left out in the cold?'Cause what you did was lowNo I don't need your number There's nothing left to say 'CeptI never thought it'd hurt this much to be savedMy friends are outside waiting I've gotta goHave you ever been low? (have you ever been) Have you ever had a friend let you down so? When the truth came out Were you the last to know? Were you left out in the cold? 'Cause what you did was low What you did was low What you did was low What you did was lowI walk out of this darkness With no sense of regret And I go with a clear conscience We both know that you can't say that This to show For all the time I loved you so So...Have you ever been low? (have you ever been) Have you ever had a friend that let you down so? When the truth came out Were you the last to know? Were you left out in the cold? 'Cause what you did was lowHave you ever been low? (have you ever been) Have you ever had a friend that let you down so? When the truth came out Were you the last to know? Were you left out in the cold? 'Cause what you did was lowHave you ever been low? (have you ever been) Have you ever had a friend that let you down so?'Cause what you did was low...
this is for you. i would put the sea to shame with all the tears i'd cry if i could stop one saline stream from flowing out your eye.and i would rip my heart to shreds and claw apart my soul if there was the smallest chance that it would keep you whole.but my sacraficial platitudesseem slightly out of place when i realize i couldn't catch you in your tumble down from gracebut if these words could heal your heart or make you smile again then i'd speak until i had no voice with love, your dearest friend.
 Losing Grip she wants to run. bare feet pounding heart racing wind whipping hair into her face. she wants to win. arms thrown up head tilted back forgetting everything but the race. she wants to dance. arms outstretched spinning wildly as if there's nothing more. she wants to sing. mouth wide open nostrils flaring like she's never sung before. she wants to reach and stretch and fly she wants to breathe and gaspand sigh she wants nothing at all except to be alive.but instead... with hands folded and head bowed she whispers stumbles crawls trying to forget that she ever ran at all.
i wasn't going to post this. hm. i could take your tears.i could deal with cryingand if you screamed at mei'd pretend you were lyingi could take your hate.i could ignore harsh wordsand if you slammed the doori'd pretend i hadn't heardi could take your silenceif you just walked awayand if you never let me speak againi'd pretend there was nothing left to say but i can't take your smilesor your unconcerni can't take you telling meyou don't love me in returnbecause if this isn't moodinessor just a rush of feelingthan all the things you tell me--i'd have to start believingoh please don't do this to meplease don't leave me herei wish you would just cry...'cause i could take your tears.
i tried to write a poem for you today. i wanted to tell you exactly how i feel. i thought that maybe, if i could just put it down on ink then i couldn't back up, and i couldn't deny and then you could just take me as i am no more masks, no more paint just me in my brokeness is that okay for you? maybe thats why i didn't end up writing it. maybe thats why i tore up the paper. maybe i'm just scared that you like me much better when i'm covered up. besides... my tears had smeared the ink anyways.
this is the song from the dance in church today...Grief ~Peter GabrielIt was only one hour ago It was all so different thenNothing yet has really sunk inLooks like it always did This flesh and bone Is just the way that we are tied in But there's no one home I grieve for you And you leave me So hard to move on Still loving what's gone Say life carries on Carries on and on and on and onThe news that truly shocks Is the empty, empty page While the final rattle rocks Its empty, empty cage AndI can't handle this I grieve for you You leave meLet it out and move on Missing what's gone Say life carries on Say life carries on and on and onLife carries on in the people I meet In everyone that's out on the street In all the dogs and cats In the flies and rats In the rod and the rust In the ashes and the dust Life carries on and on and on and on Life carries on and on and on Life carries on and on and on and on Life carries on and on and on Just the car that we ride in The home we reside in The face that we hide in The way we are tied in As life carries on and on and on and on Life carries on and on and on Did I dream this belief Or did I believe this dreamNow I will find relief I grieve
its cold outside but colder in here with your breath like ice on my face but you can't see the wounds of mine that you're healing with your headlong plunge from graceits in the way you smile so distant and unfeeling and in the way you curl your toes its the things you said that made me stop believing that i'd find a place you'd ever not apposeits cold outside but inside my head i'm freezing i wonder if it even matters here seeing you like this-- painting on your brokeness-- its not suprising i've forgotten all my fear
Waste ~Smashmouth (their only good serious song)I'm lookin' at my watch At all the time that's been stolen When I was carrying you It seems I've tripped and I've fallen Don't want no one to ache Oh to be drunk and forgetfulTo get out of this unscathedOh to be free and inhuman Some may sayI love to play When the chance is there to takeI'm moppin' up the floor From messy recipes of romance I'm packin' up the pots Too many cooks in the kitchen Some may sayI love to let a good thing go to wasteI let it go to waste Let a good thing go to waste a good thing go to waste Let a good thing go to waste a good thing go to waste I'm lookin' at my watch At all the time that's been stolen When I was carrying youSeems I've tripped and I've fallen
she's staring at the streetlight blinking back the tears ignoring all the people as they pass the guys hang out the windows catcalling her fishnet legs not noticing the bruises underneath she'd wipe away the mascara that is drying on her cheeks but instead she leaves it there to scare away the hopefulls standing on the corner underthe public city streetlight she twirls around like a dancer or maybe a boxer about to fight and as she looks into the darkness straining to see herself raises up her timid voice in one final triumphal shout:"you can't break me. you can't shake me.you see these scars? they're what make mei'm not your poster child for pain and if you try to make me fight i'll just slip awayinto the night ..."
Rockabye ~Shawn Mullinsshe grew up withthe children of the starsin the hollywood hills and the boulevardher parents threw big parties everyone was there they hung out with folks likedennis hopper, bob seger, and sonny and chershe feels safe nowin this bar on fairfaxand from the stage I can tell that she can't let go and she can't relax and just beforeshe hangs her head to cryI sing to her a lullaby, I singeverything's gonna be all rightrockabye, rockabye everything's gonna be all right rockabye, rockabyerockabyeshe still lives with her momoutside the citydown that street about a half a mileandall her friends tell hershe's so prettybut she'd be a whole lot prettierif she smiled once in a while`cause even her smilelooks like a frown she's seen her share of devilsin this angel townBut, everything's gonna be all rightrockabye , rockabyeeverything's gonna be all rightrockabye, rockabyerockabyeI told her I ain't so sureabout this placeit's hard to play a gig in this townand keep a straight faceseems likeeveryone here's got a plan it's kind of like nashville with a tan, but,everything's gonna be all rightrockabye, rockabyeeverything's gonna be all rightrockabye , rockabyeeverything's gonna be all rightrockabye, rockabyeeverything's gonna be all rightrockabye, rockabye, rockabye, bye, byebye,bye 
bright lights in the window remind me of home just don't ask me what home is i've been running blind 'cuz i'm better off alone just don't ask me how i am can't you see? i've been building walls a long time now in hopes that you'll run away from me i don't want to let you in because then you'll see the truth-- shhh its a secret... ...i'm afraid. afraid that home is where the heart is but you took my heart away.
Punish My Heaven ~Dark Tranquility We are the outstretched fingers That seize and hold the wind...The strangeness of awakening In an oh so silent world Breathlessly waiting For the first proud beams of light As the hours grow longer And the shadows never fallMy sky has forsaken meMy desperation grows Bring me the light In the darkness that never ends The dawn will never come Punish my heaven We have arrived At the outermost crossroads The charge of cosmos At our atmospheric skies Will cause our fallIf I had wings, would I be forgiving?If I had horns Would there be flames to shy my smile? Hymns of loss are heard From the masses in the streets Praising the last of days I punish Bring me the night In the fires that never end The dawn will never comePunish my heavenThe charge of cosmos Charging at us from unearthly distance I challenge the universe It's the choice between heaven and hellMy soul bears all the weight of mountainsAs mankind weaves its silent endCan there be no forgiveness?I curse the heaven above me As the light sinks through My outstretched fingers Fading in my open armsMake each tear in my bare hands A lifetime in hellOn this last day of light When our autumn leaves fell And as heaven itself commands me Out of its lair My face lined with darkness I'll go! 
How Bout You ~StaindIf someone showed you the way Would you take the wheel and steer?It hurts me that your not ashamed Of what you're doing hereIf they jumped off a bridge Would you meet them on the ground? Or would you try and claim It never made a sound?Everyone plays the hand they're dealt And learns to walk through life themselves Not everything in life is handed on a plate When people think your words are true It doesn't matter what you doI sold my soul to get hereHow 'bout you?so you choose to force your hand What a strange way to make friends Andyou always change the rules so the drama never endsAnd you blindly go through life Judging only by it's worth Just try not to forget That the meek inherit earthEveryone plays the hand they're dealt And learns to walk through life themselves Not everything in life is handed on a plate When people think your words are trueIt does'nt matter what you doI sold my soul to get here How 'bout you?So please don't take offence This is just a point of view'Cause I'm the only one who Will say these things to you Everyone plays the hand they're dealt And learns to walk through life themselves Not everything in life is handed on a plate When people think your words are true It doesn't matter what you do I sold my soul to get hereHow 'bout you?
if any of you have seen the movie 10 Things I Hate About You... you'll know this. I'm really not sure why i'm posting it up now, it doesnt really aply to my life right now, but i just found it so... I hate the way you talk to me, and the way you cut your hair. I hate the way you drive my car, I hate it when you stare. I hate your big dumb combat boots and the way you read my mind. I hate you so much it makes me sick, it even makes me rhyme. I hate the way you’re always right, I hate it when you lie. I hate it when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry. I hate it when you’re not around, and the fact that you didn’t call. But mostly I hate the way I don’t hate you, not even close… not even a little bit… not even at all.
black and blue she always said i'd be one to paint the town red but i'm in the grey area now. they handed me lemons so i squeezed out all their sunny sweetness a perfect revenge she always said, "you're not one to just lay down dead"
this song pretty much totally describes how i am right now. its by Sarah McLachlan and its called "Fallen"Heaven bent to take my hand And lead me through the fire Be the long awaited answer To a long and painful fightTruth be told I've tried my best But somewhere along the way I got caught up in all there was to offer And the cost was so much more than I could bearThough I've tried, I've fallen... I have sunk so low I have messed up Better I should know So don't come round here And tell me I told you so...We all begin with good intent Love was raw and young We believed that we could change ourselves THe past could be undone But we carry on our backs the burden Time always reveals The lonely light of morning The wound that would not heal It's the bitter taste of losing everything That I have held so dear.I've fallen... I have sunk so low I have messed up Better I should know So don't come round here And tell me I told you so...Heaven bent to take my hand Nowhere left to turn I'm lost to those I thought were friends To everyone I know Oh they turned their heads embarassed Pretend that they don't see But it's one missed step You'll slip before you know it And there doesn't seem a way to be redeemedThough I've tried, I've fallen... I have sunk so low I have messed up Better I should know So don't come round here And tell me I told you so... 
 It’s all over It’s all over now The seal is broken Creatures spoken now I hope you come upTo heaven right nowIt’s all over It’s all over now Can I be changedOr am I the sameIt’s all over It’s all over nowNo room for hidingWe’re children fighting nowAnd I hope you come upTo heaven right nowIt’s all overIt’s all over now Can I be the sameThe rain is falling The rain is falling now Today we’re leaving Our souls are calling now The stars on his right Holding seven right now The rain is fallingThe rain is falling nowCan I be changedOr am I the same? 
 bring your laugh for just one night let your lips curve into that sweet vampyric kiss. dying hopes break like porcelain bowls-- blue-glazed denial and i lied to make you feel shamed, but you smiled and i tasted caramel candy death
i used to love the way we used to be. back when things were innocent and the simplest answer always solved the problem. people said that growing up was better... so many things to learn, so many dreams to cherish, but they were lying. what they took for maturity was just another term for slow dying. i opened my eyes, and all the visions left them until i'm blind. trusting only to what i feel and that can be severly misleading .sometimes fataly. look at the mistake i made in you-- from past experience, i expected that you would stay true. but here you stand, lying to my face with not a hint of remorse and i'm not sure what to make of it all. i used to love the way you used to be. back when things were simple and we were really free. don't you regret leaving it all behind? don't you wake up in the middle of the night with tears drying on your cheeks left over from the dreams that you will never be able to keep? i want back my naivete.i want back your love.
always crying in my dreams i'd ask him what that means but he don't know nothing at allalways folding down my sleeves to hide the scars of your misdeads you can ask but i won't tell you nothing at alltook the time to steal the sky forgot to let this illusion die i'll bleed dry until there's nothing at all
Will You ~PODSee you sittin' next to the window in the bedroomShe breaks down -breaks down Crying over something and starin' into nothin'Afraid now - hate nowWanting, needing, haunting,it's killing me Faking what has happened to live the life like that man I'll break down- It's fake now Will you, will you love me tomorrow?So Will You,Will you stay with me today?Fade in and out of reason to fight the way she's feelin'She breaks down - breaks down Going through the motionsand holding onto hopesand her dreams now - somehowShaken, mistaken, forsaken, it's killing me.Wishing you could change, but he's always been this way If you leave now - I'll drownWill you, will you love me tomorrow?So Will You, Will you stay with me today?Will you,will you be here tomorrow? So Will You, you remember yesterday? Yesterday! Yesterday!Yesterday! Yesterday! This time, I'm sorryThis time, I'm sorryThis time, this time,I'm sorry for this time This time, this time, I'm sorryThis time I'm sorry! Will you,Will you love me tomorrow? So Will You, Will you stay with me today?Will you, Will you be here tomorrow?So Will You, you remember yesterday? Will you? [x6] So Will You?Will you? [x6] 
she's talking to herself again we really should break that habit but don't you think there's enough brokeness already? who knows why things happen someone told me god did but he's not being exactly forthright about it to me. so i've decided to screw all capitals and get back to the basics when everything is small and easily managed do you know what? i guess you don't. its just that i now realized that i've been talking to myself all along i really should break that habit.
she begins to fade awayas the last words leave her lips--the caress she never gaveto youto meor to the whole world.she wants to wrap her arms around the universeand squeezeclutching handfuls of stars close to her chestbut i supress the urgeto tap her shoulderand bring her back down hereto earthor is this hell?when you fall down lowits hard to tell how far.and now she's just a ghosttracing with silver fingertips the words i never wrotethe little thingsthe pungent smellsof late-night breakfasts at cheap hotelswith youwith meor with the whole world.she wants to grab handfuls of realityand pulluntil the sun pops outlike too many packets of katsupclenched in her fisti'll open my hand to findpackaged tomato product mixedwith the bloodthat flows off my palmfrom red crescents--fingernailsbut in my mindthis has already gone staleand i'm just a shell,empty insidefrom where you ripped the light outof meto put in your pocketand take to show and tell.where have the kisses gone?i'm too faded.
no one ever truly believes in loss until they've lost the thing they cannot live without. i never thought anything could hurt so much until you left-- now i'm left without a doubt.no one makes me smile the way you used to make me smile and it breaks my heart to know i haven't really smiled in awhile.no one understands that i can't make them understand the things i didn't mean to say and that without these words to tie me down its very likely i'd have already run away.no one makes promises anymore that they actually mean to keep. until falling in the water, you don't believe you can ever go to deep.no one opens up now and no one ever stays the same. it sad to see how we've lost ourselves beneath these waves of shame.if i could give you one last gift i would make you feel true pain because trying to live while numb and silent will make you go insane.
I hurt myself todayto see if I still feelI focus on the pain the only thing that's real the needle tears a holethe old familiar stingtry to kill it all awaybutI remember everything what have I become?my sweetest friendeveryone I knowgoes away in the nedyou could have it allmy empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurtI wear my crown of shiton my liar's chair full of broken thoughts I cannot repairbeneath the stain of timethe feeling disappearsyour are someone elseI am still right here what have I become? my sweetest friendeveryone I knowgoes away in the end you could have it allmy empire of dirt I will let you downI will make you hurtif I could start againa million miles away I would keep myselfI would find a way . 
i need you now but you're not here so where does that leave me? out of luck i guess don't ask me if i ever expected better i'd hate to lie again. if you were listening i'd tell you my story you know, the one where everything works out in the end.you and i never got a chance for honesty we've been gluing lies to the back of hallmark cards pretending conversation. could we still be friends? maybe if i gave you the chance so where does that leave me? out of grace i guess don't ask me if i ever needed more i hate to lie.
Short Stories With Tragic Endings ~From Autumn To AshesHere you stand seething with guilt. Silence only justifies this act of cowardice. The look stapled on your face cries out forforgiveness ,the one thing that I cannot give (Did you ever see that one person and the way they do these thingsand it hurtsyou so much it's like choking choking choking down the embers)I can give you freedom from your guilt, with a flick of my wrist onto yours.I can give you peace of mind with a forced smile . I can give you death with the look upon my face.This is your freedom in a life of fallacy, with no last kiss and no regrets;you don't deserve good bye . This is your freedom in a life of fallacy, with no last kiss and no good bye.Here you stand seething with guilt. Silence only justifies this act of cowardice.With a short story, the one you add to daily,you are the tragic loss . No story book ending for this fairy tale of you. Just the one composed with blood taken from your pen that you hold in yourlifeless hand. Cry for you. Shed tears. Mourn. Wish the end. Cry for you. Shed tears. Mourn.Wish the end .(Did you ever look, did you ever see that one person, and the subtle way that they do these things and it hurts so much? So much like choking down the embers of a great blaze. It's that moment whenyour eyes seem to spread aspersionsand to scream confessionsat the insipid sky parting clouds . You let this one person come down in the most perfect moment. And it breaks my heart to know the only reason you are here now is A reminder of what I'll never have I'll never have... I'll never... Standing so close knowing that it kills me to breathe you in.Standing so close knowing that it kills me to breathe you in . But this table for one has become bearable. I now take comfort in this, and for this, I cherish you. Did you ever look, did you ever see that one person and the subtle way that they do these things and it hurts so much? So much like choking down the embers of a great blaze. It's that moment when your eyes seem to spread aspersions and to scream confessions at the insipid sky parting clouds. Andyou let this one person come down , come down. I cherish you...I cherish you. Just say you would do the same for me. Just say you would do the same for me. Say you would do the same...Just say you would do the same for meFor as much as I love Autumn, I'm giving myself to Ashes.) 
The Sad ThingWorking up the courage to not say anything I am left alone in my defeat And no one wants to ask uncomfortable questions So I’m given too much room to speak.Back and forth across the space between us Run the words I never got to say And if you didn’t understand all my cryptic messages I could pretend that I really wanted to stay.You and I were always just a little too effusiveHonesty’s a bitter pill to take It’s hard trying to walk quietly through this crowd Since silence is the one thing we always break.Tip-toeing through the awkward moments I’ve become what I always claimed to fear Since I never took the chance to settle things between us I can’t blame you when I try to disappear.It’s a hazard that comes with the position The ability you have to read my face But I’m adept at keeping you at a distance And the saddest thing is I’m comfortable out of place. 
Dashboard Confessional ~The Places You Have Come To Fear The MostBuried deep as you can dig inside yourself,and covered with a perfect shell,such a charming beautiful exterior. Laced with brilliant smiles and shining eyes, perfect posture, but you're barely scraping by, butyou're barely scraping by .This is one time that you can't fake it hard enough to please everyone or anyone at all.And the grave that you refuse to leavethe refuge that you've built to fleethe places you have come to fear the most.Buried deep as you can dig inside yourself,and hidden in the public eye. Such a stellar monument to loneliness .Laced with brilliant smiles and shining eyesand perfect makeup but you're barely scraping by This is one time that you can't fake it hard enough to please everyone or anyone at all. And the grave that you refuse to leavethe refuge that you've built to flee the places you have come to fear the most. And you cant fake it hard enough to please everyone or anyone at all And the grave that you refuse to leave the refuge that you've built to fleethe places you have come to fear the most.its the place that youve come to fear the most,its the place that youve cometo fear the most
Untitled ~AFIwe held hands on the last night on earth. our mouths filled with dust, we kissed in the fields under trees screaming like dogs, bleeding dark into the leaves. it was empty on the edge of town but we knew everyone floated along the bottom of the river. so we walked through the waste where the road curved into the sea and the shattered seasons lay, andthe bitter smell of burning was on you like a disease . in our cancer of passion you said, "death is a midnight runner"the sky had come crashing down like the news of an intimate suicidewe picked up the shards and formed them into shapes of stars that wore like an antique wedding dress. the echoes of the past broke the hearts of the unborn as the ferris wheel silently slowed to a stop. the few insects skittered away in hopes of a better pastime.i kissed you at the apex of the malestromand askedif you would accompany me in a quick fall,but you made me realize that my ticket wasn't for two.i rode alone . you said, "the cinders are falling like snow"there is poetry in despair , and we sang with unrivaled beauty bitter elegies of savagery and eloquence, of blue and grey. strange, we ran down desperate streets and carverd our names in the flesh of the city the sun was stagnated somewhere beyond the rim of the horizon and the darkness is a mistery of curves and lines. still, we lay under the emptiness and drifted slowly outward and somewhere in the wilderness we found salvation scratched into the earth like a message .
my tongue is coated in dust. i try to scream, but only choke coughing out my dreams. taste the bittersweet denial of all the things you threw at my feet and i, full of pride, left behind. my eyes are full of tears. but streaming down my cheeks they smear in dust. i am all the thoughts you left behind on the floor,waiting to be crushed breathing in sandy suicide. you smell like insense and old dreams. sometimes the world spins around me spins without me. did you catch the wind in your hands? or did you open your mouth to scream-- as your words blow into dust. 
they say the world spins around you and maybe its true but they say a lot of thingsi reflect my antipathy into the gathering night sucked inside the darkness i am not what you once thought i was and i don't think its much of a suprisedon't ask how i know don't ask what was said in the morning you'll be left outside the moon sits still tonight soaking up my criesbut you forget: i only whisper now.
very sad song. very apt. also by Damien Rice.Silent night, broken night All is fallen when you take your flight I found some hate for you Just for show You found some love for me Thinking I'd go Don't keep me from crying to sleep Sleep in heavenly peaceSilent night, moonlit night Nothing's changed Nothing is right I should be stronger than weeping alone You should be weaker than sending me home I can't stop you fighting to sleep Sleep in heavely peace 
Cannonball ~Damien Rice Still a little bit of your taste in my mouthStill a little bit of you laced with my doubt Still a little hard to say what's going on Still a little bit of your ghostyour witness Still a little bit of your face I haven't kissed You step a little closer each day Still I can't say what's going onStones taught me to flyLove taught me to lieLife taught me to die So it's not hard to fallWhen you float like a cannonball Still a little bit of your song in my earStill a little bit of your words I long to hearYou step a little closer to me So close that I can't see what's going onStones taught me to fly Love taught me to lieLife taught me to die So it's not hard to fallWhen you float like a cannonStones taught me to fly Love taught me to crySo come on courage! Teach me to be shy'Cause it's not hard to fall And I don't wanna scare her It's not hard to fallAnd I don't wanna loseIt's not hard to grow When you know that you just don't know
Chai Thoughts understanding in this situation not that you've been here before soft deliberation on words spoken and thoughts drifted away i wonder over the steam with hands warm and cup clean what this really means... you and me drinking sweet rememberances.
Guernica ~Brand NewEver since I was young your word is the word that always won. Worry and wake the ones you love. A phone call I'd rather not receive. Please use my body while I sleep. My lungs are fresh and yours to keep, Kept clean and they will let you breathe. Is this the way a toy feels when its batteries run dry? I am the watch you always wear but you forget to wind. Nobody plans to be half a world away at times like these, so I sat alone and waited out the night. The best part of what has happened was the part I must have missed. So I'm asking you to shine it on and stick around. I'm not writing my goodbyes. I submit no excuse. If this is what I have to do I owe you every day I wake. If I could I would shrink myself and sink through your skin to your blood cells and remove whatever makes you hurt but I am too weak to be your cure. Is this the way a toy feels when its batteries run dry? I am the watch you always wear but you forget to wind. Nobody plans to be half a world away at times like these, so I sat alone and waited out the night. The best part of what has happened was the part I must have missed. So I'm asking you to shine it on and stick around. I'm not writing my goodbyes. I'm not letting you check out. You will beat this starting now and you will always be around. I'm there to monitor your breathing I will watch you while you're sleeping. I will keep you safe and sound. Does anybody remember back when you were very young. Did you ever think that you would be this blessed? 
i'm about to break i'm about to break i'm about to break and if you touch me i just might explode or fall apart in your hands what a chance here's the odds come on baby, we've got nothing left nothing left nothing left to lose so take my hand in yours stretch out your fingers tonight we die tonight we dietonight we die to live.
growing up is realizing that you fucked up.growing up is figuring out that sometimes you make a mistake and just being sorry won't fix it. just wanting to change won't help. sometimes things get broken and they can't be put back together. you can deny that and always be running around trying to make things better but it wont work eventually you will come back to the one you couldnt save--and it will drive you crazy. growing up is dying inside. growing up is hating yourself because you're flawed. growing up is finally understanding that only in your flaws are you real.
were you my shelter or my cage? looking back its hard to weigh comfort against destruction-- security through comformity. you were my safe place for awhile but after i had flown away you were still grasping at my feet pulling me back down into you.but maybe you were right-- maybe i really was too weak to fly.
never really notice the ceiling until you're laying on the floor and you're tired of the scenery cuz you've seen it all before and the world is spinning softly just enough to make you sick like some dirty little deity's dirty little trick they told you to have faith in god like that could make thing's good and forgot to mention the important things afraid that you'd misunderstood so they left you dreaming and a little bit confused and failed to keep you protected from ones who would abuse
hold on hold on, baby cuz this is gonna hurt like hell.
worlds collide inside each sigh i stare into the soul that looks out from your eyes worlds apart too late to start but i found peace inside your bleeding heart...as apocolyptic tears rain down from heaven and your moon shifts the waves into chaotic patterns i find solace in the solitary pain of being loved...my tea is cold i can taste the bitter leaves the residue is sour like half-forgotten fruit becoming rotten. i want you to tell me that you're still the same i want things to be okay between us but this change isinevitable.my tea is cold your eyes look bitter i'd taste your smile but it seems sour like a half-forgotten soul left out to rot.
Look around youDo you see what you’ve got With something so beautiful Afraid it would drop Into a thousand regretsAnd i bet you were left there It’s getting me down And I can’t understand Why everyone stares when i crash at the landingand around were they standEveryone talks again We try to say with confidence That were picking up oblivionAnd I was tryin to make some senseSpeaking to you We try to say with confidenceThat were picking up oblivionInside of youAll around you there’s a feeling you lostThat everything beautifulIs not what it wasWhenever you were on top Of all you left up thereIt’s getting me downTo the place that I land That hits me so hard With a cruel understanding That it might be the endEveryone talks again[Repeat Chorus]I’ll bury myself into the cornerI can’t even tell if I won’t see anymore [2x]
A Thousand Separations he smiles over cofee my fingertips ache to trace him i want to stretch out and fill this empty space created by two bodies not quite touching. yet i am still-- a motionless pain pursed lips silently complain and eyes that always say too much speak volumes. its not too late to stay but if i stay any longeri'm afraid i'll crash and burn and my survival mode is already kicking in. stand to leave hug, then turn and quickly walk awayi remember the day we grew apart-- you were smiling, drinking coffee as you broke my heart. 
pretend ignorance. you like to make them think that you're just like them. but its not true i know. underestimation becomes an art. this deception seems slightly ill-conceived. don't you understand they're only jealous of all the things they'll never get to be? don't buy into this idea that whats best is what makes you like the mob. become unique. they'll love you because we admire what we're not. but what am i saying i do the same. faking conformity. playing their game. becoming what i hate... fake. 
i am alone. i am in pain. i am not alive. can i be whole again? i need you to love me. i need you to be real. i need you to notice. i need to feel. i'm caught in this cycle. i'm killing myself. i've lost all my sanity. i've got no one else. but you. and you're so dreadfully ...indifferent. .
its hard to play victim when holding the bloody knife protests of innocence fall on mostly deaf ears dropping participles, take time to say clearly what you don't mean.dodge the blame for all misunderstood derelictions pacing off your cell-- the only place you're safe it takes a lot to hide your smile and pretend perception when good intentions always come too late.who writes the rules here? and why am i always on the outside of your sphere? believing your deception makes it easier for me to hide inside you.when swallowing the truth whole, make sure to drink one full glass of water don't choke on the jagged ends of all the hearts you break i thought i lost myself somewhere between sugar-sweet pretentions don't bother with hiding, i kept my eyes closed anyways. 
you broke my trust you let me down when i needed you you weren't there its unforgivable i don't care if you hurt don' tell me you're only human cuz i don't want to hear it you were supposed to be there for me i needed someone to lean on you were my only support and then you left i got hurt i was scared and you weren't there to run to there was no shoulder for me to cry on don't tell me you're not perfect because i believed you were illusions die hard and what hurts the most is knowing i was wrong.
walk through worlds of pain destroy yourself be reborn again in the fire burn away my wings i become ash but in your all consuming fire i tongue insanity lick lasvicious lips dry spread broken, charred wings high and launch myself into the light carrying the scars brushing away the traitorous tears strength only comes from pain and i am strong.
lost again broken and weary unable to find my way tail in hand dizzy and clearly unable to let gomistook their nods for aproval just ignore the smoke and smiledrop the cliche til you think i'm listening i take just what i came for then i'm out the door againpay no mind to what the other voices say they don't care about you like i do safe from pain and truth and other poisonsurrendering to the gravity and unknown catch me heal me lift me back up to the suni choose to live.*all from a perfect circle songs*
last night i saw you with your pretty smile the one you wear when you that think no one's looking the one you mask with all your cardboard cut-out frowns afraid that they'd take it from you if they saw ityeah, cuz everyone wants a little brightness everyone wants to steal the stars don't let them see the way your eyes sparkle they'll dim your glow to hide their scarsi want to find a place where we can be comfortable unmasked and vulnerable and utterly imperfect a place where we can laugh without reservations cry without calculation and dance without desolationyeah, i want to smile at the world unashamedly and not be afraid to be something unexpected i want you to walk into a brightly lit room wearing that smile only for me 
haven't written you anything in awhile so this is the final attempt a last ditch effort to tell you... what? i don't know but i'm sure it was something important it always is. and this is the point at which i start to cry and you bend down and ask, "what's wrong" and i reply with a saline "i'm fine" because its in the script thats my line and really nothings wrong its just me and you know how that goes are you getting this? am i making it clear? oh what a silly question-- how fantastical like i could every really come out here and just say what i mean. this is the point where i look up at the sky trying to avoid your much too knowing eyes and scream loud you give a start and ask, "are you okay" but i'm not answering it wouldn't matter what i said anyways its all in the script.
i'd start a revolution if i could get up in the morning i'd start a revolutionif i could get up get upso i start a revolution from my bed 'cuz she said the brains i had went to my headwith everything i know you're made of one word, a voice unheard you can change the worldsay you want a revolution well, you know, we all want to change the worldyou'll never silence the voice of the voiceless'cuz you don't have to fight or make yourself belong to be a revolutionno matter how hard you try you can't stop us nowbring on the revolution keep the pressure on i wanna die for something bring on the revolution i don't wanna die for nothing 
 For You don't lie too much,darling they'll eat you alive soak in through your pores until honesty seems like some childhood dreamdon't camouflage yourself we won't be able to find you baby, you're still naive don't lose that 'cuz you can't get it backdon't run too far away slow down and let someone catch you mystery is overrated and sometimes the most obvious people are the happiestdarling, be a happy person stay real. 
okay, so here are some semi-poetic thoughts from tonight.. not so good, but i like 'em anyways....she's got glamourous eyes marlene deitrich eyes champagne and smoke eyes...E minor A flat tune in to pages rustling voices sighing fingers snap the beat soft A strong G listen for the melody as fingers tap the rhythm tap... tap... tap... are you in-tune to this?...don't think too much about this the best decisions are sometimes made when least expected trust your instincts to a point but don't go too far this could get messy very quicklydon't expect the obvious when we're playing at subtlety
...The words of the prophets are written on the subway walls And tenement halls And whispered in the sounds of silence...
blink and step back to the time before it all fell down when prince charming still wore his crown before abandonment before hate before mixed sexualities and his understimated taint back when it was still a simple thing to smile and say hello without all the tragic meanings hidden deep below you and me do you remember? we used to sit on your bed watching barney we used to take baths together and it was fine where did we go? what happened to it all? did the pain get to be too much? did we jump... or just fall? well here's one more tear to smear my eyeliner one more heartbreak-- a not-so-subtle reminder of me and you and you and me back pretending innocence desperarate,seeking to be free.
don't try to fix me 'cuz maybe i'm not brokendon't listen too hard to things i've left unspokendon't try to tell me that i'm not alright i'll make it through i'll make it through this timedon't pretend that you care when all you want is confessiondon't act like you're trust worthy when lies are your proffesiondon't tie all your gifts up with strings don't pull me apart at the seamsdon't make me push you away don't make me scream what i don't want to say you cut off my wings but i just started running away.don't try to fix me cuz maybe i'm not brokendon't try to help me if all i am is a tokendon't make me pick all the fights i'll make it through this yeah, i'll make it through this alright.
in the land of dirt and plaster lies an army of a thousand nowhere kids losing ground and falling faster into a life thatno oneshould have to live we are the people that you hate we are the bastards that you created a generation with no placea generation of all your sons and daughters behind the fake family image behind the smile of a thousand moms and dadsinside the cage that we've been giveni see an image of the future that we don't have we are the people that you hate we are the bastards that you createda generation with no place a generation of all your sons and, we are the people that you hate the fucking bastards that you created a generation with no place a generation of all your sons and daughtersand what did you expect... a perfect child raised by tv sets ... abandoned every mile we never get respect ... never a fair trial no one gives a shit ... as long as we smile... smile... smilewe are the people that you hate we are the bastards that you createda generation with no place a generation of all your sons and,we are the people that you hatethe fucking bastards that you created a generation with no place a generation of all your sons and daughters
Until the day I die I'll spill my heart for you, for you Until the day I die I'll spill my heart for youAs years go by I race the clock with you But if you died right now You know that I'd die to I'd die tooYou remind me of the times When I knew who I was (I was) But still the second hand will catch us Like it always doesWe'll make the same mistakesI’ll take the fall for you I hope you need this nowCause I know I still doUntil the day I die (Until the day I die) I'll spill my heart for you Until the day I die (Until the day I die) I'll spill my heart for youShould I bite my tongue? Until blood soaks my shirt We'll never fall apart Tell me why this hurts so much My hands are at your throat And I think I hate you But still we'll say, "remember when" Just like we always doUntil the day I die (Until the day I die) I'll spill my heart for you Until the day I die (Until the day I die) I'll spill my heart for youYeah I'd spill my heart!!!!!! Yeah I'd spill my heart for you!!!!!!!My hands are at your throat And I think I hate you We made the same mistakes Mistakes like friends doMy hands are at your throat And I think I hate you We made the same mistakesUntil the day I die I'll spill my heart for you, for youUntil the day i die(Until the day I die) I'll spill my heart for you, for you Until the day i die(Until the day I die) I'll spill my heart for youUntil the day i die(Until the day I die) Until the day I die!!!!!!!!
everything's a little bit too late this time and everyone's a little bit too cold all the good intentions got lost along the way and all your pretty dreams got cheaply sold no one ever told me things would be this hard i wasn't expecting so much pain and if i could leave now, maybe for awhile i'd just stay right here although i can't explain 
do the blown kisses get swept up off the floor along with all of last year's confety? or do the just fade away transcient gifts of lonely little girls down long halways always but not quite finding freedom....smile for me this once, ballerina how we love your pearly-whites. and i think he's falling hard did you notice? yah, but don't ever let them think that you were right. smile for them and blow kisses take them on don't count the misses until then-- yah, you'll be a star but he's falling hard for you and only you, darling ballerina when you smile....
threw you the obvious and you flewwith it on your back, a name in your recollection,thrown down among a million same. difficult not to feel a little bit disappointedand passed overwhen i've looked right throughto see you naked and obliviousandyou don't see me.but i threw you the obviousjust to see if there's more behind the eyesof a fallen angel,the eyes of a tragedy. here i am expecting just a little bittoo much from the wounded. but i see through it alland see you. so i threw you the obviousto see what occurs behind the eyes of a fallen angel,eyes of a tragedy.oh well. apparently nothing. you don't see me.you don't see me at all. 
i hate the "serenity prayer":give me strength to change what i can courage to live with the things i can't and wisdom to know the difference . you know why i hate it? because i'm not strong. i'm not brave. and i'm definetly not wise. i'm weak and scared and foolish. and i like it that way. i don't want to go through life making no mistakes because then i would never be able to grow and even then, no matter how great i was eventually i would break down. because no one can always be right and no one can always do the right thing. and sometimes, not matter how right you are its not enough. so i have decided to write my own "serenity prayer":make me weak so that i must rely on your strength make me frightened and then wrap your arms around me never let me think for a moment that i could ever be big enough to take care of things myself and although i'm blind,never let me be too blind to not see your face. 
Turning A Corner hands grip the stearing wheel slippery with nervous sweat eyes squint through sunlight and plexi-glass trying to control the road ahead lights change people move the world quickens its pace as we careen through nothingness encased in two-thousand pounds of death. don't speak just watch for the right signs she's turning the corner andit might work out alright but then again there's always the outside chance of head on collision but who can tell what stares us down from around the next curve? sing along to your radio try not to think about it and maybe just maybe you'll come through.
 Subtle Doctrinesbad things don't happen to good people. if something has gone wrong, you obviously sinned. God doesn't let his people down. if you struggle with something you should just trust him more. as long as you eat well, you'll stay healthy. avoid fatty foods and don't smoke cigarrettes. if there's ever a problem don't feel free to call no one wants to hear you whine about whatever you're dealing with. take it to jesus, i'm sure he wants to listen. just smile and nodd and things will work out just fine. feel free to be rude as long as its honest. it doesn't matter what your motives are as long as you smile and act kind.if you're collapsing-- don't show it. if you're burdened-- buck up. if you're comfortable-- don't blow it. if you're hurting-- so what.good little christians don't have big ugly problems. isn't that what we've tried to tell you from day one? submit to false charity and take it with gratitude no one likes someone who can't save their face. 
once again, a song describes my life.(Seether--Sympathetic) And my words will be herewhen I’m goneAs I’m fading away against the wind And the words you left me linger on AsI’m failing again now , never to change this And I’m sympathetic,never letting on I feel the way I do AsI’m falling apart againat the seamAnd it seems I’m alone here,hollow againAs I’m flailing again against the wind And the scars I am left with swallow again As I’m failing again now,never to change this And I’m sympathetic, never letting on I feel the way I doAs I’m falling apart again at the seam And I’m sympathetic,never letting on I feel the way I do AsI’m falling apart again at the seamThe same old feelings are taking over and I can’t seem to make them go awayAndI can’t take all the pressuresober,but I can’t seem tomake it go away The same old feelings are taking over andI can’t seem to make them go away And I can’t take all the pressure sober(I can’t make it go away. I can’t make it go away)And I’m sympathetic, never letting on I feel the way I do AsI’m falling apart againat the seam And I’m sympathetic,never letting on I feel the way I do As I’m falling apart again at the seamAnd I’m falling , falling, falling,falling, falling, falling, falling Apart again at the seam 
there goes the blood again dripping down your arm again my eyes beg for release but its useless to cry for you, nowthey told you that life was boring and for some reason, you believed them you who are so quick to find truth got tricked into being usedand i could talk for hours but you wouldn't hear a thing truth is such a tiny whisper when its only lies they screamthere goes the blood again dripping down your arm again i want to hold you together but i'm not that good of a friend 
cynical, i know. downright feminist-nazi-bitch if you want to quibble. but it was written on a whim and so i post it on a whim, and if you're not in a whimsical mood at the time that you start reading it-- come back later, i think you'll be less offended(or more entertained) if you do :)Frog-Lips(the everyday prince) okay. so here's my problem with prince charming: why did that "wicked old witch" turn him into a frog anyways? i mean, how many wicked old ladies out there who just like to turn "upstanding young men" into frogs? plausible? i think not. so what did he do? was he just aggravating or really flawed in some deep and unamed way? i mean, mutation into an animal is some serious shit. woops, did i say a bad word again? guess i'm never going to be the princess inyourstory but i'm not burned. and what happened to that oh-so-lovely princess, anyways? i mean after she kissed him did theyreallylive "happily ever after" do youreallybelieve that? honestly. because all around me every day i see a lot of prince-charmings walking around with their pretty-princesses they're just a little tarnished. yup, i find them at the grocery store and the gas station or in the parking lot in their rusted out car don't you see? "once upon a time" they thought love was like a fairytale but ten years past and she got fat and he lost his job and where are they now? he's still gotthose oh-so-froglike qualities and she's probably still a snob with a weird animal kissing tendency. can you spell dysfunction? d-y-s.... and besides, that "wicked old witch" was probably a very beautiful princess in her day ever think of that? she probably had some lovely prince under some wicked spell and risked her life only to find out... what? well, that maybe he deserved it all along so before you go kissing frogs or kissing princes keep in mind: fairytales are fairytales because it won't happen in real life.
close your eyes clench your teeth they already stole your candybar, baby but it was too easy to be a sure thing.you're pretending wings then jumping off high walls sometimes faith gets you nowhere cuz you still fall.bite your lip close your eyes you'll never be a big girl, baby big girls never cry. 
myself i am tasting your inconsistencies i lick them off your spoon left overdays ago i said but you listen too well and called my bluff to loud whispers--
Bandagesmissing the melodrama. have i found true stability or is this just the eye of another storm? come through the flames scathed and scarred like that one trip to the beach when the sun was so hot it blistered my arms. they told me you'd be there. was i looking too hard or were you just hiding in plain sight? missing the sureity of pain. missing the feeling of brokeness. i am like a taped-together birthday card so much love so little life reality tripped me up and my knees are still raw. you said you'd never leave but i'm reading your goodbye over again its written on your face for all to see. i climbed out of the wreckage harmed and lost because in those years i lost a lot including faith.
Enigmaticyfingers pick away at the seams of her bag outside in the sunlight with the shiny white cars reflecting blue sky and the ice cream melting on my spoon could you imagine? ice cream in february... its one of those carolina moments that never come too soon but always stay too long-- like relatives or homeless animals that you feed once out of pity or fear of bad karma because who wants to be reincarnated as a soap bubble? but then we never really believed in that anyways like zodiac signs and obsolete psychic hotlines too bad no one actually met that tall dark handsome stranger as predicted instead it was the guy at work or the girl who grooms your dog simple people in your league ...whatever league you happen to belong to but she's in another category shiny black hair slowly destroying the purse and all the wisdom of the world is written on dirty american flag converses half unlaced because capitalism killed all the lilliesalong with the thorns but humanity insists in enigmaticy is that even a word? and if all my ice cream hadn't melted before it reached my chapped pink lips and if the sun hadn't gone downand the cars driven away maybe i would have reached down with some drying-out sharpie marker and written my new word on her shoe or bag because some things only come once and leave before you fully understand and so our modern prophets scrawl lyrics on subway walls and scratch names into park benches trying to define the undefinable. 
Dangerous Open Boxeswhats the point in all this posturing? i know you see right through all my lies. but still i pretend that if i hide away and put on all my masks you'll let me slide. covered up in secrets wrapped inside deceit you peel away my layers to find the raw and untamed me.
She’s got eyes to watch the world fall— That beautiful girl in the back corner stall Sipping her coffee and slitting her wrists, Her short stories all end with twists. Got too much feeling and too little time To pull out her sanity and watch it unwind Licking her lips and tasting the sky Breathing in cancer as she watches me die. She’s got a laugh to make the world dance— Offers you pearls but there’s no second chance. Wants to be free but just ends up alone Making prank calls on her broken cell phone, Writing her wisdom on a blank bathroom wall— That beautiful girl in the back corner stall. 
 A Poem For Today I have seen better sunrises-- glinting off of green-grey oceans; sifting over sky-rise filled cityscapes; rising red behind monolithic mountains; but today I felt the earth breathe.I have tasted sweeter stolen summers-- glorying in golden sunshine; breathing in blue twilight beneath bright stars; licking drops of lemonade off languid lips; but today I heard the sky sing.I have had better days than this-- when everything made sense to me; there was a purpose for every person and darkness hadn't crept into my dreams but I woke up this morningand it is a good day.
 i'm so sick of all this shit days go by and i don't talk to you you say hello and i smile back but nothing's reali used to hang the moon and stars from you but the sky fell down just like the red hen saidi think i drink too much but you don't notice you said goodbye and put the bullet in my head
looking back at mei see that i never really got it righti never stopped to think of you i'm always wrapped up in things i cannot winyou are the antidote that gets me bysomething strong like a drug that gets me highwhat i really meant to say is i'm sorry for the way i am i never meant to be so cold i never meant to be so coldwhat i really meant to say is i'm sorry for the way i ami never meant to be so cold i never meant to be so coldto youi'm sorry about all the liesmaybe in a different light you could see me stand on my own again cause now i can't see you are the antidote that got me by something strong like a drug that got me highwhat i really meant to say isi'm sorry for the way i ami never meant to be so cold i never meant to be so cold what i really meant to say is i'm sorry for the way i am i never meant to beso coldi never meant to be so cold i never meant to be so coldi never really wanted you to see the screwed up side of me that i keep locked inside of meso deep it always seems to get to me i never really wanted you to go so many things that you shouldn't have known i guess for methere's just no hopei never meant to be so coldwhat i really meant to say is i'm sorry for the way i am inever meant to be so coldi never meant to be so cold what i really meant to say is i'm sorry for the way i am i never meant to be so coldi never meant to be so cold 
 i wanted you to knowi love the way you laughi want to hold you high and steal your paini keep your photograph i know it serves me welli want to hold you high and steal your pain cuz i'm broken when i'm openand i don't feel like i am strong enoughcuz i'm brokenwhen i'm lonesome and i don't feel light when you're gone away 
sing "cabaret" to me on movie street with the taste of cold fries on my lips and your paper balled up in my pocket not to litter here come the memories washing me down the drain back out into the ocean homemade katsup bitter tea what makes us so immovable? i don't believe.
Bleeding thoughts Cracking boulderDon't fall over Fake your laughterBurn the tear Sing it louder, Twist and shoutWay up here We stand on shoulders Growing colderLaugh or cry I won't mindSing it louder, Twist and shoutImmovable shadows Concrete girl They'll rock your world To nothing And they're swimming Around again, again And they're swimming Around again, againAnd they're swimming Around the concrete girl Catch your breath Like four leaf clover Hand it over Scream to no one Take your time Sing it louder,Twist and shout Nothing to run fromIs worse than somethingAnd all your fears Of nothing And they're swimming aroundAgain, again And they're swimming aroundThe concrete girlConcrete girlDon't fall downIn this broken worldAround you Concrete girl Don't fall down Don't fall down My concrete girlDon't stop thinkingDon't stop feeling One step awayFrom where we were And one step back To nothingAnd we're standing on top Of our hopes and fearsAnd we're fighting for words now Concrete girl And we're swimming around Again, again And we're swimming around now Concrete girl ~Switchfoot
 Dancing Towards Sunrise(on being not quite prepared for preparation) she wants to be a princess dressed up in a wedding dress that seems so borrowed, not quite owned and he's her man the one she clings to everything she's always wanted but doesn't needand i know you listen to the whispers on the telephone ear pressed up against the door so you're always apologizing for what i didn't mean and i'm still angrygive me a moment of your time i'd talk the world to you and he breathes oxygen to make you feel alive but thats nothing new cuz you've always had a prince dreamed up inside that dreamy head and you're always broken hearted because no one stands up to your expectations so you lower the bar until its under your feetshe wants to be a princess like a little girl dressed up for nothing with her pretty dress dragged down in the mud but she pretends not to care whispers over the telephone-- "it doesn't matter" when it doesshe wears inhibition like a long black glove. 
sort of a free verse...whatever... Casualties of War every day on every street in every town there is a war going on beneath the surface. you can't see it but you feel it in the soles of you feet and the palms of your hands. it is the the thought that lingers in the back of your mind and the imatge you see when you close your eyes. you may have ignored it for most of your life but you've stopped running away now because you've realized that no matter where you go you cannot escape it, and you can't deny it forever. it is the call to revolution-- the tiny whisper that becomes a heartbreaking scream reverberating in your scull. we are the soldiers in a fight for freedom. you may hate us but you can't ignore us-- so what it all comes down to is a single question: are you ready to live? are you willing to break down the walls that everyone has built around you to try and keep you caged and broken? we are silent warriors-- tearing down barriers and redefining the world that you so blindly live in. wake up! stop dying complacently and start living the life that is out there for you. don't settle for comfortable insanity. don't be afraid to challenge the established norm. become something more than just another casualty in an unseen war.
too much talking, not much speaking its been your problem all along you talk so much, you know i can hear you but you're saying it all wrong.too many secrets, no disclosures the lies you tell swallow you hole i'm acting out, you're sitting pretty i see you there but its just another role.
Sick Sad Little World--IncubusNo, You're not the first to fall apart But always the first one to complain You better get careful or you'll compromise everything You areThis world is a drought when out of love Please come back to us For all of the above I'm making a choice to be out of touch Leave me be he saidLeave me here in my stark raving sick sad little worldI've never had opaque confidence It's more than I would care to explain But I have an open door policy when it comes to blameThe world is a joke when out of love Please come back to us For all of the above I'm making a choice to be out of touch Leave me be he saidLeave me here in my stark raving sick sad little world 
i don't like the words that i say today every one slips off my tongue and flies away i reach and i gasp trying to take them back in but each one i capture just breaks free again...i don't like the thoughts that spin through my head i try to close my eyes and think new ones instead but i can't change my mind no matter how hard i try no matter my words-- my thoughts never lie...i don't like the way i look at you how i'm always wondering if what you say is true and i can't tell if you love me or if you're just making the moves so i don't take the chance but let myself lose...
 Unexpected Grace found hope here-- beneath all the trash and broken dreams when i'd lost it all and come apart at the seams you were there-- to pick up my peices and bandage my wounds unexpectedly.found love here-- behind desperate eyes and hopeless souls when there was nothing left for me to control you were there-- to carry me through and dry all my tears unexpectedly.found grace here-- after the fire and the cleansing pain when i had nothing to lose and only you to gain you were there-- opening your arms and receiving me home unexpectedly. 
this song is Less Like Scars by Sarah Groves and its probably one of the most beautiful worship songs i've heard in a long time... It's been a hard yearBut I'm climbing out of the rubbleThese lessons are hardHealing changes are subtleBut every day it's Less like tearing, more like buildingLess like captive, more like willingLess like breakdown, more like surrenderLess like haunting, more like remember And I feel you hereAnd you're picking up the piecesForever faithfulIt seemed out of my hands, a bad situationBut you are ableAnd in your hands the pain and hurtLook less like scars and more likeCharacter Less like a prison, more like my roomIt's less like a casket, more like a wombLess like dying, more like transcendingLess like fear, less like an ending And I feel you hereAnd you're picking up the piecesForever faithfulIt seemed out of my hands, a bad situationBut you are ableAnd in your hands the pain and hurtLook less like scars Just a little while agoI couldn't feel the power or the hopeI couldn't cope, I couldn't feel a thingJust a little while backI was desperate, broken, laid out, hopingYou would come And I need youAnd I want you hereAnd I feel you And I know you're hereAnd you're picking up the piecesForever faithfulIt seemed out of my hands, a bad, bad situationBut you are able And in your hands the pain and hurtLook less like scars (x3) And more likeCharacter 
she's porcelain: easily brokenglued together in places that shouldn't have been shatteredgot a lot of lovely scars to show the world wounds went deep but she survived and isn't that the story of her life:grew up too late lost inside no one bothered to mention that the world was cruel and you had to be cold to stay alivebut what is there to say now what words can replace the memories that haunt her eyesshe's porcelain: easily broken i can't hear your screaming soft-spoken.
what if "the best you could" wasn't good enough? what ifyou were broken from the start? what if no matter how hard you tried you were a failure? what if every loving smile became a broken heart? what if the lies you said turned true on you? what if "all you had" wasn't anything at all? what if you opened up and only got hurt again? what if they were laughing as they watched you fall? what if you had it all and still had nothing? what if you were lonely though not alone? what if you couldn't make it no matter how fast you were running? what if no one loved you not at all?what if the baggage you left found its way home? what if you still scream when you're all alone? what if you call and i don't pick up the phone?who will save you?
back in town the world spins round and it won't stop for no one no, not even youi walk down the twilight street broken nails and bloody feet you don't hold my heartstrings but you still pull 'emlittle girls with long blonde curls wrap you round their fingers and you like their liesparentheses and punctuation god got called in as mediation i wanted to wash away my sins but the pool was drywords release me i fall i scream i fly.
I can't believe the news today oh, I can't close my eyes and make it go away'cause tonightwe can be as one tonight...people find all kinds of thingsthat bring them to their kneesit was a beautiful day don't let it get away beautiful day.
 crawling down the road to nowhere where did her feet go? they wonder but they don't ask.she took them off long ago left them by the roadside with her empty flask. got tired of painting her toenails got tired of walking away so she sat down and took them off one day.where did her hands go? they wonder but they don't know.she got tired of carrying them around so she took them off awhile ago. wanted to be free from chains but her handcuffs had no key so one day she took both her hands off and got free.where did her dreams go? they wonder but the can't see.they filled up her head until she got confused and lost reality. so she's wandering around on this old road to nowhere with no hands to hold and no feet to take her and no dreams to wish for and nothing to save herstarted out running down a road to salvation lost all she had and no one ever mentioned that she was on the wrong path if she was looking for redemption 'cuz this road goes nowhere.
when you left i put on a brave face ...after the tears and i said, "two years isn't that long" and promised to still be friends. but then things happened, you changed, and god knows i changed, too and two years became just enough time to realize ...i don't know you. they tell me you're happy and i hope thats true but they say a lot of things about you. they tell me, "she's better off" because you're more like them and they promise ...just like they did two years ago that we'll still be friends. but i've seen the pictures, read the letters, cried the tears... and i've realized that a lot of things can change in just two years. 
i wonder what Icharus' fatal mistake was: flying too close to the sun or not using super-glue to hold his wings together?
when she says it doesn't matter be careful-- it really does. and when she says its okay its probably not. we are creatures of habit with the soft eyes and cruel tongues creatures of constancy... except when we're not. and when you're on the outside looking in, confused i like to think that its okay, and it doesnt matter even though it does. 
If it makes you less sadI will die by your handI hope you find out what you wantI already know what I amAnd if it makes you less sadWe'll start talking againAnd you can tell me how vileI already know that I amI'll grow oldStart acting my ageI'll be a brand new dayIn a life that you hateA crown of goldA heart that's harder than stoneAnd it hurts a whole lotBut it's missed when it's goneCall me a safe betBut I'm betting I'm notI'm glad that you can forgiveI'm only hoping as time goesThat you can forgetIf it makes you less sadI'll move out of the stateYou can keep to yourselfI'll keep out of your wayAnd if it makes you less sadI'll take your pictures all downEvery picture you paintI will paint myself outIt's cold as a tombAnd it's dark in your roomWhen I sneak to your bedTo pour salt in your woundsSo call it quitsOr get a gripYou say you wanted a solutionYou just wanted to be missedCall me a safe betI'm betting I'm notI'm glad that you can forgiveI'm only hoping as time goesYou can forget(So you can forget)(You can forget)You are calm and reposedIt lets your beauty unfoldPale white like the skin stretched over your bonesSpring keeps you ever closeYou are second hand smokeYou are so fragile and thinStanding trial for your sinsHolding onto yourself the best you canYou are the smell before rainYou are the blood in my veinsCall me a safe betI'm betting I'm notI'm glad that you can forgiveI'm only hoping as time goesYou can forget ~Brand New
you know, i don't really even notice them anymore unless you mention them and then it is only with a sort of sick regret that i remember the times when i was alive enough to feel that way. there is an incredible immortality in the constant deception of death. i used to dance all night long and the dreams that came...i am unused to normalcy at night i still wish for the jagged lines of emotion, the twisted turnings of every passionate heartbeat, the indescribable wash of feeling that comes after quite urgently realizing that one is no longer numb. oxygen is perilously addictive when one is always on the verge of suffocating. i used to dream all night long and when i woke...you know, i don't really notice them anymore unless you point them out with your cloying condescencion that you like to mask with concern. someday when i am old and nothing matters anymore i will again unveil the old tricks of my macabre trade and whispering into some dilapidated grandchild's ear, say, "these are my scars"...that you don't notice anyways.
this place suffocates i am lost in confusion what is left of me?
you know, it isn't all about you. in fact,sometimes its not about you at all. sometimes i don't even think of you or how it might look to you sometimes i don't care ...bet you've never thought of that before. you need to be lessself-centered i knowthat sounds funny coming from me but its really hard to talk to you when you think everything i say has some hidden meaning. sometimes i'm not lying to you sometimes i'm not lying at all. sometimes it doesn't even matter enough for me to even think about lying or telling you something other than the truth ...but maybe you don't want that to be truth maybe you'd rather pretend i'm lying so that you can pretend like you're okay and i think thats shitty. because, everything isn't about you and everything isn't your fault and everyone's not talking about you and no one laughs when you fall. honestly, we're all self-centered and we all like to think that the world revolves around us but it doesn't do you understand that? whatever...you know, this isn't about you either.
i promised that i wouldn't write you anymore but i lied watch as my fingers slam down on the keys iha teyou...or is it love? i can never decide...but one things for sure you definetly screwed me up inside big time. you are the one thing i can't seem to get overi said i didn't care but i lied watch as my lips form the ever-present lies itdoes ntmatteranyways...but it does 
 all the walls i build around me made of tissue paper and gauze draping the card castle i hide within feigning protection praying that there's no wind please don't breathe too strongly i'll fall apart again.
. no kisses no smiles you're cold as ice but i can still hear you breathing bed become coffin heart become stone don't tell me what you don't know i kissed you i breathed you in but there was nothing-- that was everything no tears no sighs i can't grieve you're still alive.
 yes, darling, this oneisfor you.&nbsp; &nbsp; trying so hard to be everything for everyone but yourself-- always ending up inadequate. searching for acceptance from all the people who ignore you-- it breaks you down but they don't deserve you.and you don't see it but I know that its true-- that all the things you're afraid of could never add up to be as good as you. because you've got something deep inside-- it makes you cry but it also makes you beautiful.&nbsp;
 violent acts on a sunday afternoon:&nbsp; crawling from the wreckage barely alive but exhilarated with bruises where bruises should never belips that stink of old death vitriolic last breathes bloody kisses that bring me to my kneeslove is like a car-crash. 
i am the only one to blame for thissomehow it all ends up the samesoaring on the wings of selfish pride-- i flew to highand like icharus i collidei never really wanted you to seethe screwed up side of me that i keeplocked inside of me so deepand i never really wanted you to knowso many things you shouldn't have been shown but i never meant to cause you troubleno i never meant to do you harmi never meant to cause you troubleoh no, i never meant to do you harmand you could have it allmy empire of dirti will let you downi will make you hurtbut if i traded it allif i&nbsp;gave it all away for one thingjust for one thingand if i sorted it out-- if i knew all about this one thingwouldn't that be something? &nbsp;&nbsp; jarsofclay...crossfade...coldplay...nineinchnails...fingereleven&nbsp;
I don't care anymore if I let you down I believe that I need to be free I'm so used to my life with you around I don't know anymore....the real meAnd I thought that I found myself And I thought that I had control All the chains in my life just fell away For a moment I didn't need youAll these tears that I've cried You must be tired of taking care of me but Its what you do best andI'm a liar cause really its what I needAnd I thought that I found myself today And I thought that I had control All the chainsin my life just fell away For a moment I didn't need youSomeone like you Someone like me Maybe its chains that set you free Free....And I thought that I found myself today And I thought that I had control All the chains in my life just fell away For a moment I didn't need youAnd I thought that I found myself today And I thought that I had control All the chains in my life just fell away For a moment I didn't need you ~Smile Empty Soul
i don't want to write anything for you because it would be a betrayal of all hope and i don't even know what's going on so how can i say that everything's gone wrong? but i know it has. you were there when no one else was and when i couldn't believe anything you smiled and said, "it will be okay" and i believed that because i have always believed in you... no matter what you do. no one is saying anything but that says everything to me i didn't sleep last night because i was afraid to dream afraid the dreams would turn out true-- and i'd lose you. but i refuse to believe anything that no one's saying and today is the first day i'll spend the whole day praying hoping that someone up there's listening when i scream that you mean so much to me ...and that means everything.
 the plans i made still have you in them when you come swimming into view andi'm hanging on your wordslike i always used to do the words they use so lightly i only feel for you i only know because i carry you around in the backgroundyou're yelling "how we living?"causeyou got the ballthen you rock on, baby, rock on you rock on on and on you're a summertime hottie with your socks in the air screaming, "i don't care baby i don't careno !" you say you don't know you say you don't know ( you're the marigold )all i know iswe're missing you (third eye blind) 
if i were a pirate life would be great i'd have a long curly mustache and treasure in crates i would strut around in big leather boots looking daring and dashing and counting my loot i would get to call people "landlubbers" and "scurvy dogs" and each night i'd eat salt pork and drink gallons of grogif i were a pirate life would be grand my world would be made up of salt water and sand i'd travel the world in my beautiful ship and if people chased me i could just give them the slip i'd have the loyalest crew of villains and theives with guns in their sashes and knives up their sleavesif i were a pirate life would be good i'd never have to worry about doing "what i should" i could stay up all night and sleep until noon and then lurch around in a grog-induced swoon i'd be free as a bird-- there'd be nothing wrong and whenever i wanted i could sing dirty songsif i were a pirate things might be okay because i wouldn't have to deal with shit every day i could draw on my mustache and sail into the blue always searching for something exciting and new and if i ever got lonely i could remind myself of this: that being a pirate was my one desperate wish. 
ime: 2323 anyone read han4yu3pin1ying1? well, i went to the quan2 guo2 zhong1 xue2 hua2 wen2 dian4 zi3 zhuan1 ti2 zhuo4 ye4 bi3 sai4. that is the national secondary schools computer presentation chinese project competetion. or something liddat. i dun translate well. sry ;P it was boringgggg. especially the judges. hopefully they dun see this. (there's a very small chance anyway. like 0.000000000000000001%?) hahaha. they kept the Q &amp; A session xtremely long. tats y. and as usual my sch (TCHS) would get the prizes >.i got ep3 today, tat is actually the cca wif a very profound name. Enhanced Pupil Performance Programme. the 3 is actually a 'cube' for the 'p', get it? im in the chinese orchestra. and i 'pon' 2 or 3 weeks the last month or so and the seniors r angry. but, no matter. im back. new and improved too. i dun usually watch football unless sum kind of international thing. i dun watch s-league or wadeva there is out there. i wonder singapore dun wan go get the tiger cup or sumfin liddat. eeek its so late. i watching soccer now. france sure win. if not i can go chop head liao. so... b4 i go (and do sum stupid hmwk too) here's sum thing to think about: (hey dun take offence at these. these r to put u in sum pple's shoes onli. dun get mad and bcum a cow. lolz) if u feel damn pissed of wif ur parents after a quarrel, think, there are a lot of kids who are orphans and dun even have the opportunity to have parents or their love in their lives. not all are adopted u noe. u tink wad? happily ever after? nah... this world we live in is such a dark and cruel place... so lets juz thank god for parents instead of going: "*$%^#$%^!!!" and saying hurtful thing lyk i hurt u. and those dumb vulgarities. u feel so depressed. such that u wanna commit suicide. think. so many pple die everyday, NOT OF THEIR DECISION. for example, lyk accidents or sum idiotic criminal... so, be happy that God gave u a life and treasure it, dude. for life is a blessing, never a curse, its is u, who makes and mould that life, YOU. so make the rite decision. well, i could go on for ages, for this is juz the tip of the iceburg... haha i also gtg bathe. slept immediately after ep3. which was frm 2 to 6 but i left 1/2(half) an hour earlier. yea! i got my instrument(suona) fixed! haha!okay, see ya pple!!! ;) time: 0145
ime: 1938eeek. the sch term seems so much nearer. and i detest it... hai. wat 2 do bout it? nothing much... church has been much more realistic to me during the hols. thank god for that. i hve found many new frenz in church tat i had nver known. heh. and i used to think satying at home wif e comp was blissful. well my eyes r opened now... >.today i went to the Singapore Association for the Physically Handicapped. SAVH for short. my teacher was the one who organised the activity called 'lunch in the dark' its basically eating while in an environment of pitch blackness. though it costs a hefty price. the xperience was worth it. and boy, was it filling, like i was eating a buffet. its so dark u cant see anything at all. even right in front of ur eyes. thats y its not at sum kind of other restaurant. oh yah, the money goes to help charity. about 20 or 25 bucks cant remember. there's a mushroom soup + bread... than xcellent fish and chips.the cooks were GOOD. and those waitress are specially trained to memorise the surroundings in the 'dark'. so they can navigate. those pple working there have vision problems. mainly being only able to see straight in front of them(no wide vision). and can see sideways without turing their heads. note: this idea was from a blind pastor. with the help of a swedish restaurant.dessert was supposed to be chocolae cake but the teacher made the change for it to be fruits. so interesting. guessing wats gonna be in ur mouth next. dun worry, everything is edible ;) than there was ice cream + 2 hersheys kisses. dun ask me got what flavour. i cant see. its all mixed. thats y. we had to pour our own drinks ourselves. in the dark, and yes, there were numerous spills. they were sticky too. than they switched on the lights and we had coffee or tea. the room was in a total mess. that was expected. we had to spread butter on bread in the dark, use the cutlery, etc... in total darkness. most pple didnt bother but used their hands like ancient ways of (cave)men. so much food, that i needed to go to the loo after tat. lolz. only one thing to say about this. to gotta try it, to experience it. no words can describe it...cant miss sumfin liddat, man. its good, really. :-)well, i'll love to tok more, but im damn tired. now i noe wat i've been missing lastime when did nothing but shake leg at home during the holidays. i shld have did sum useful stuff yea. well thx to the almighty GOD WHOOHOO!!! bbi frenz out there :)okay i alreadi changed the settings but the time is still screwed and its making me mad... can u pple understand the time that i post? its in 24 hour time format. juz think about it, it is(and makes sense to)p.s can any1 tell me wat is the meaning of ---> 'w00t'time: 2204 
ime: 0346wow it is incredible-ly late now. in case ur wondering what am i doin in e middle of the nite...thats wat im doin now. i juz started a blog, i dun noe y, how, and etc... actually, i dunnoe wat am i doing or how to use this user-un-friendly thing(no offence to...erm...blogspot?) fine...so i am trying sumthing new. at least i hve sumthing to do instead of stoning around the nxt time i wake up in the middle of the nite i shall b prepared. wif this.oh yah. happy belated birthday joanne!!!(chua, not e irritating sis)!!! :):):):):):) im a day late. sry i didnt get u a present.i promise i'll get you one b4...nxt year?(sumthing pink?) its jasmine's bdae todae too. *happy bdae!!! 2 u* and lionel's going to serve his country. how coincidental? dunno i feel weird now. like. blank. 4give me for blogging so short. i shld hav a compo actually. nvm. nxt time k?i shall not blog on the past events due to my inability to want to move or spend any more energy than i must. in other case. i'm lazy, alrite? good enuf 4 u? ponder this: izzit weird to want to congratulate urself for makibng ur blog. onur own? coz if i did ponder that, i'd ponder on y i even bother to ponder on tis pondering message... and ponder sumore... hai. isnt the human brain amazing. that is wat is making whoeva is reading this thing waste his precious time using technology or by posting this line.i got damn scared when i saw how to edit it...it needs html...that is like the subject which i 4got alredi. maybe mr kohkt can refresh my memory after the hols. or maybe q-basic. c++. yuck. com program(ers). sch is totally not on my mind as it drifts off to another faraway land. until... *snap* and i gotta wake up frm...paradise?man i cant concentrate. and i am amazed at how much i hav written. maybe u'll see an essay after all? one graded f9. okay i'll stop rite here as i wanna xplore this bloggy land. save it in the draft i mean. thats y u'll see more. xcuse me! those pro bloggers out there, i hve questions: can i pon blogging? or skip blog perod? or... okay sry, i got too carried away in being frustrating even on the net. oh well. saty there in ur couch. quote: "I'LL BE BACK" hint: look at my updated profile? maybe notoh hi there. now i shall share wif u my insane no. of projects. MRP or major research paper(so called coz it is MAJOR, as it take over 3 exams)is damn hard to do, teacher extra strict, but fun thing to do. can slack. wow. projects day competetion stupid yearly thing. dun even get ACE points or as i call it, not Credit but Crap Points. doing invention. my group leader is mad. doing sum fibre grass optics? or is FBG the person? or wadeva. my mind wanna burst liao. ace points(used to be credit points as u noe) do thing like compo and miscellaneous stuff. is crazy, but 1 point is like a full mark test :) not bad lah. and lots more crazy stuff i cant think off.damn its getting late... or should i say early? well, gotta catch sum zzzzzzzzzzzzzzs. so gd nite... or morning(aaaah! its confusing) p.s. the stupid time format is nuts. so mah fun wan... and their time is wrong for goodness sake...see ya! bbitime: 0433
ime: 2245aaaaaaahh!! wad to do? i feel like pon(ing) mass jog tomorrow but got attendence and such reasons holding me back... i skipped cca too many times, and got dumb project to do, and another one more important too. haiz, so busy sia. but after tat can slack 1 dae than must study test and bia ACE points... NOOOOOO... so bad, like time management so easy. even the teachers take xtra long periods of time to mark sum lame wksht. and worst of all is that hve to file it... man. no wonder, its term 3 and end-of-year exams coming soon!! i...cant...get...exempted for any... -_- where r the tears? at least got o humans paper tis year. now i am juz doing tis thing bcoz i dun feel lyk touching hmwk (hve a bit but same as none) or mrp. i hve no idea wat to do. its like piles of info, dunno wad 2 do wif it. well, at least i take time to de-stress myself, and laugh a ton at sch coz e pple there r insane and got all kind of farney jokes (literally ALL KINDS). church is so fun. i used to think it kinda stinked. used to be a worldly christian (if u noe wat tat means). now i am born-again! thx God if not i'll still be pretty screwed and most propbably worse off. oh ya i gtg soon coz irritating sis wanna plae sum puzzle games... haiz, she addicted but i come home 1st ;Phere's something to think about: i am sure u hve heard of pple who, well, stopped being christian. their reason, coz they tot being one would be a breeze and u would lead the best life ever and it will be yi4 fan1 feng1 shun4. it turned out they led pretty hard lifes and thus eventually gave up. heres the punchline, if they lead harder lives with god around, than what would their lives be if they did not hve Him? well, actually i hve tons ore stuff to tok bout, but i feel so down in the dumps(stressed) actually i put them here so i wun 4get them :)hope u pple out there will hve peace, coz its hard to find. but i noe how. find God! go 2 ur nearest church today for more information. (doesnt it sound lyk an advertisement? i would feel lyk puking if not the fact that i wrote it. lol)God Bless! >_time: 2306
 gosh... time passes so fast...very soon it would be the prelims and then before u noe it... the o lvls are here...haiz... but look on the bright side... we would have three to six months of holiday to fufil our dreams... so everybody lets work hard and study smart... yeah man...
happy birthday singapore~!!... haha... last night was great... the fireworks were fabulous at the esplanade but unfortuanately for us, there was a bunch of jerks who insist on smoking at where we were and this caused kelly an asthma attack... gave us all a fright... luckily she got home on time and thank god for jerelyn and all those who help her...next thing we knew, we were stuck in a human jam... so we took a de tour and went to another station...and guess who we saw... charles with three gals who was so freaking annoying...[pardon me but i am pissed off]... too bad enli was not there.... muahahahaha... jk lah...too bad i could not throw him into the singapore river... haha...and me and jerelyn meet norman's bro... like photocopy de... except the brother is much more tan and shorter but other then that is almost the same lah... anyway... i think i have a sort of hangover even though i did not drink...[ oh ya... according to evelyn, i can get drunk just drinking plain water...] haha...hope we can do something like tis next time...rock on ppl... 
i really dunno wad is wrong with me... normally i am rather heartless with no feelings or wad so ever... if the person offends or make me unhappy i usually wun bother and my usual respond will bewadever or screw you... but now i am plagued by the worst feeling ever...jealousy ...and i hate it... haiz got to remind myself not to let this "thing" take over me... haiz.... blah blah blah... 
honestly, i am not a single bit happy... u noe wad i feel like doing? i am so goddamn fuck up... screw the world man... why must things be like tat? dammit i am so freaking mad.... i was so wrong... guys will still be guys... so freaking immature... this will never change... sad... ARG~ wadever... 
I cant wait... looking forward to the weekend so i canjust hang...ROCK ON... 
Hola!Today was Halloween...Err what to say about today...hmmm...I went to skool...And in Yearbook Anahid and X-ina kept on stealing Julio's shirt...So I tried to give it to Julio...but they just ack!So I looked at Andrew and then we got it from them...but he tried tosteal my backpack...-.-!But hey I have his c00ties on my backpack...LOL!Anyways...I wanted Jordan to come wik Marnie and me trick or treating...he said he wasgoing to come but he never showed...-.-!Marnie and I went trick or treating in the rain...we were so cold...and so now I'm sleeping over her house...and yeah...but I really wish Jordan came...:-/Byea!
Today started off good when I went to skool...I had fun wik my friends...andLucy's bf got in a fight wik the guy who kept on slapping her ass yesterday...lol!And then the usual...Andrew talked to me today...W00T!^_^And then here come the bad part...Diego insisted on going trick or treating wik Marnie and I...and I told her I would ignore him...Because I never want to talk to him again after what he did...-.-!So then...Thank God...he gave up!He gave up like: latintaco145 (10:58:25 PM): u know what forget ti i wont go at all just hav fun with Michelle ok, if she wants it like that, then knck your self out (literrally)Isn't he an ass?!-.-!My God!-.-!But...it's okay I guess...at least he won't be there...^_^I hope I have fun tomarrow...Byea!
Today I went to skool and I didn't dress up for P.E. again...I don't know how many points I'm losing...lol...Anyways...Diego kept on shaking the net for this soccer game and Bockerman yelled at him...LOL!It was hillarious...He turned his head away and laughed...Everyone was laughing...xD!And yeah so Edwin showed up for History!^_^ w00t...Oh and Richard shaved his head...but he still looks cool...And Ashley looked so wierd I swear...At lunch I went to hang out wik Lucy...^_^!It was fun..and a guy kept on slapping her ass...LOL!and her ass was dirty...In yearbook we saw this boring movie...-.-Lucy and Denise were doing funny stuff on the computer...lol...Andrew was absent...*sniff*Unfortunately Julio is never absent...-.-He thinks I'm a poser...OH! and Some one wrote "Chris Heyers a loser" on the back of a chair...aww!Poor Chris...*Pats him on the back*No one meant it ;-)G'night!
Thats my fav. quote from Lord of the Rings...^_^!Today I stayed home all day and I faked being sick...-.-!And so I was home bored...And I got in a fight wik Marie...And I cried again...but this time because I miss Jordan...And then I got to talk to him a bit today so thats a plus...Then I talked to Briar, Tim, Robin, Marnie in a chat...so that was fun...I saw this movie called "Can't buy me love"And at the very end of the movie when they rolled the credits I cried...LOL!And I saw the comic thingy rejected...LOL! "-My spoon is too big...My spoooon is too biiiig...My spoon is too big... -I'm a banana" "-Want to go see a movie? -I'm feeling fat and sassy *Karate noises*"LOL!Funny I swear to God!EDIT!!!!: ROD RODDY DIED!!!!*SOBS*DAMN YOU STUPID LIFE!AND FIRES!AND CANCER...AND DIESEASES!!!! 
Testing. . . 
w00t!Today was fun!^_^!I went to go see 'Master and Commander' That is such a good movie!But it may be grusome but it is very good!There's this one scene where they have to cut off this lil' boys arm because it's broken...I had to cover my eyes!It was so sad!Well I'm planning to go see it with Marnie, Jordan, and Julia next weekend either 'Master and Commander' or 'Scary Movie 3'^_^ w00t!Funness!Anyways...I saw it with Danny and Marly!^_^!So ya!Well Danny and Marie and I went toChinese food...And when I talked to Marnie on the phone...She told me she had chinese food!O_O;;What a coincidence!O_o;;Well g'night! 
Today I stayed home because yesterday I hit my foot against the stool in the living room.And then I later found out later that night that it was cracked in the middle...and it hurts so much I can barely walk...so anyways...I stayed home all day...and ya...I talked on the internet all day...and drew a piccie of a guitarist...And it came out *really* cute!^_^so tomarrow I'm going to color it...^_^Anyways...I talked to Marnie, Jordan, and Monica...I'm so happy I started talking to her yesterday!And I haven't seen her since the last day of skool on 7th grade...^_^And she's in our band...^_^Well me go to bed now...g'night! 
Ahem!I also did nothing today!I took a shower...then saw two movies...Pokemon The First Movie, {Don't you dare ask why!}and Aladdin...Lol!Quote from Aladdin: 'But your so OOOOOLLLLLD!'Lol!Then mom came home...I went on the computer and joined this forum called 'Gothic Girls'I feel so much like I'm home there!Lol!And my username there is 'GotHiCbAbE'And I got a banner to go with it!It's so cool!Anyways!I went to mass...went to Grinder to eat dinner then went to 'Smart and Final' to get some milk and hot chocolate and all then came home...I got depressed...And I got depressed because...Well...It's for me to know and you to find out...:PSo there ya go!Lolthat was my nothing day!So ttyt byea! 
Well that pretty much says it...I got up...And did nothing all day...Except I took a shower since I had time today...lol...And I went to choir...FINALLY eh?lolDr. Marcoe was all "Hi Michelle Long time no see eh?"And I was all 'Yeah!'lol!So then me and my aunt went to Carousel to eat dinner...YUMMY I SWEAR!And she said I'm going to have a get together thing at Carousel when I turn 18...Sweet no?My cousin Armine got a sweet 16 one...Lol!So yeah we went to Target...I got a notebook for my scrapbook IIlolSo I'm home and I'm working on it...Oh Yeah!There was an eclipse today...Wierd!I swear!I tried to watch it but I was in Target shopping...-.-!Oh well...Byea!^_^ 
...O_O;;Okay...I went to skool it was half day and I was going to go to the movies with Juddith...It was all planned out...we went to go eat first...we both ate armenian food...And I ate 4 sarma!MMMMMMM GOOD!^_^!Anyways...we ended up watching 'Brother Bear'I was pouting...I didn't want to see it!Gack!Anyways...I went to the mall and I bumped into Chris from skool...Chris C.O_O;;He hates me thats what he tells me and then...HE KISSED ME!O_O!I didn't know what to do so I just tried to back away...Because I like someone else you know?!And then when I get home he IMed me saying...'Did you like the kiss?'And I was all 'I gotta go'This was all so wierd!I have a feeling he's going to ask me out...but when I turn him down...he's going to cuss me out and jump me...and all and I'm just so damn scared!Help me...Please!Just someone please...:-\!EDIT!!!!!: Wayne thinks I like him because of STUPID Lissette!But I don't care!Because everyone can *think* I like him...Because I know in my heart I truly no doubt *HATE* Wayne for he is the biggest ass I've ever layed eyes on! 
Today I went to go visit my mom!w00t!At snack I hung out wik Sam and X-ine...It was cool...we were talking about HP and she asked me if Harry loses his virgnity...or Ron or Hermione in the 5th book...I burst into laughter and told Sam and we were laughing so hard!And X-ine blushed...LOL!At lunch I found out Lucy broke up wik her boyfriend...I was so thrilled!I mean he just used the word 'f_ck' in every sentence...it was disturbing!-.-!Okay...And I went to visit my mom...and I gave her her present...and it was all cool and fun!I patched things up wik Marnie!I'm going to the movies wik Jude after skool on Fri.^_^Fun!!!I can't wait!Well bed now!Byea! 
I went to skool wearing a skirt...IT WAS FREEZING!OH MY GOD!YOU CAN'T IMAGINE HOW COLD I WAS!BRR!Anyways in Yearbook...When Lucy and I were walking out the door Andrew was in front of us... Lucy: *Opens his back pack halfway* Andrew: *trys to close it* Stop! Me: *Opens it full way!* Andrew: *Closes it and turns around*Hey you!Stop it!Lucy's boyfriend called me a 'f_cking fatas_' so that wasn't cool...But at least she told me she was going to break up wik him...^_^!Anyways...It turned out to be a good day until tonight when Marnie told me about She was going to join HF's...I was threatened because...I knew they were going to like her more than me because she has something like Julia...but me...I just have a nice and affectionate personality I guess...But I was scared because I thought Robin, Mindy, Tim, Ally would like her more than me...So I was so scared!And I ended up yelling at her and all...And Marnie I'm sorry!-.-If your reading this...I'm so sorry!I didn't mean to!I'm so sorry! 
I got up...and we both woke up the same time...heehee!And we finished Lord of the Rings...and we were both starved...So we both ate some Frosted Flakes...bwhahahaaaaaaaaa!Yummy!lolTanti Maria called...she said she would pick me up between 12:30- 1:00...because it was Ara's b-day...So...Marnie me and Auntie Mona went to the mall...and we went walking around...I got a icee...and Marnie got two cookies...We then went inside Forever 21...O_O;;Go thank God she wished me luck!*Coughs*I still have some Toxic Fumes in my lungs!So yeah...Oh there was this guy!Named!Kevin...Hotz...LOL!Like spongebob..."Hi Kevin...*breathes hard*"LOL!Anyways...Went to Ara's b-day party...I got a skirt...wearing it to skool tomarrow...and now...I'm going to bed I guess...:PG'NIGHT!
Well Yesterday...I woke up Marnie because I was bored...we talked for a bit...then when her mom woke up we had to get me clothes...because I only had their clothes...so we went to the mall...and bought me a pair of clothes...The t-shirt was a dr. suess one...and I got gray sweat pants...^_^THANKS AUNTIE MONA!!!!^_^!Then we went walking around the mall...we went on the Merry-Go-Round...hehe...And we were singing all sorts of songs...and she told me when Jordan and Tony went wik her and being perverts...and I giggled...lol!Then we went to pick up Nana...We went to Sizzler...then Vons...that didn't work out so Costco...Tanti Maria let me sleep over again!w00t!We dropped off Nana, and we dropped off the food...I took a shower...we went to go get some videos...and we watched one and a half...and then went to bed...And thats it...:P
Hello!Gabby and I did practically the same...I played the Piano a bit, and then played with her video games with her...But I found out that one of her hampster baby's mom bit off the hampster baby's finger...she was crying a lot last night...the poor hampster...So we went to the vet...and stuff...There's this one part in Lord of the Rings IIIFrodo has one of his finger's bitten off...and so Gabby said she was going to name him Frodo...Lol!Anywayz...I got home and went on the comp.and yes...well...I'm going now...bye bye!.:.:.:.~*MiChElLe ReNeE eDsTrOm*~.:.:.:. 
Hello there!I went to Gabby's house today in the morning...We ate some cerial...and we had fun...^.^!And then we played a bit of video games...But we played one of her new video games...A Digimon Rumble games...{don't forget she *is* 10 years old...;)}And I found out she got an 'Electric Piano'And so I was all 'THAT IS SO AWESOME!' and I started playing on it...and then I learned how to play the 'Moonlight Sonata'^.^It's such a pretty song on the piano...^.^I kept on playing it...over and over and over and over and over again...enough to make you sick...;) uhhm I'm going back to Gabby's tomarrow and I'm going to play that song again...and enough times to make you sick again...^.^Well I went to eat dinner with Tanti Maria...and yes...went back home and here I am watching 'Pirates of the Carribean'Again...;)Well g'night!^.^ .:.:.:.~*MiChElLe RenEe EdStRoM*~.:.:.:. 
Why hello there...If you want to see my current posts...see my old/new blog... urlLink:PWell what happened today is I went to go see Lord of the Rings...The Return of the King with my lil' sister...Gabby...It was fun seeing it with her...But again...I cried...>.>But hey...it's not a bad thing...is it?O.o;;Then we went to the mall to go shopping...{YAY!!!!}We ate something at 'Carl's Jr.'^.^It was a nice lunch...Then we went to 'Hot Topic'Gabby and I looked around then we left...We went to 'Limited 2'O.o;; WARNING!:DON'T HURT ME!I HAVE SOME TOXIC FUMES IN MY LUNGS STILL!!!!I bought some lip-gloss...because I needed some more...I was running out of some...then we went back to 'Hot Topic'to get away from all of the girlyness...And I bought a wrist band and a lil' Chococat button...^.^It's so cute...then went to 'Illuminations' bought a candle...went back to Marie...Went to the eagle rock mall...then brought Gabby home and now I'm watching Pirates of the Carribean...Then going to bed...bye bye!^.^ 
Hi there!I stayed home all day...Kind of happy I did though...Marie had to go to work today...So I woke up and I watched PotC...:DIt was fun...And then I put on Lord of the Rings...My God...How many times have I watched it...o.o;Too many...lol!Then during the movie I called Lillit...we talked for a looooooooooong time...Then after I talked to her...and when the movie finished Mom came home...She went with Meryl to go eat at a Cuban resturant...and then went to go see 'The Calender Girls' meanwhile at home...I patched things up with Marnie...It was hard for me to not talk to Marnie...>. .> So yes...And I had this zit on my face yesterday and I scratched it and now it looks like a scab...and it doesn't look nice...>. D Well g'night!~hugs~ 
Uhhm...I got up all sleepily, and so since I have to have my hair back brown for my headshots...I washed me hair...And some of the color camed off...And it was hard to blow dry my hair...Anyways...Gabby came over at around 3:00...We ate lunch, and then she went on Rathergood.com while I went to my Keyboard...and did stuff...and, it was fun...And then we went to the mall...And she bought this cool wristband...It's like a black and white checker board...and it has 3 chains on it and it's sooooo cool!Anyways...we went walking around the mall and we ate Carl's Jr...And then I went to the restroom and then when I came out...I saw Christopher and Walter {Two of my old classmates from Holy Family} So...Chris, made some comments about my hair...and >.
Uhhm...Yes!Well first in P.E. I didn't see Ernie at all...and then he was late and he came up to my friend and asked her to ask me if I wanted to play Basketball with him...And I said 'No...'>. . . .
Well I forgot to tell you people!:DYesterday I went to go see me agent!:DAnd he's awesome!Uhhm..He also scolded me because he said I needed to bring my grades up and stuff...but other than that it was awesome!:DAnd to believe out of all of those people from Sun.there were only 15 picked and I was one of em!Well training starts next Wed.!:DAnyways...Today Earnie wasn't here at all...Poop...:(So We had Abraham! >DLOL!Anyways...At lunch we went chasing Abraham around the classes then we got caught and the teachers told us to go out on the field...But Abraham was supposed to be in his class so he waved at me and he went in his class.Uhhm Oh yeah!Lol!And when we went to the field we were slapping each others asses...and Stephanie told Jaime to get on top of her to give her a piggy back ride...then Ezzy got on Jaime's back...And it was three of them for like 20 seconds...I was laughing so hard!And in Yearbook, Lissette and I wrote a love letter to Earnie...LMAO!And we signed it from Anonnymous!Lol!But I wrote some hints so I think he'll know it was me...>.
EDIT.:.:.I want to apoligize to Marnie...But she'd think I'm a bitch to apoligize...Ya know...Right now I feel like none of my insanity friends are my friends any more...I feel so lonely...Anyways...I think I just need someone to talk to...tomarrow I'll just be crying while hugging Alyssa...Because Marnie's not like any other person I know...She's *really* special to me...and I fucked it up...Okay it went like this...I go on my old sn 'XxYeLLoWDucKEZxX'And I forgot to block Diego on that sn and then he goes and talks to me and says bullshit about me being a bitch and an ass...He goes 'You are the biggest ass I've ever known'Well you know what Diego?!Fuck you!Okay!You ruined everything!You ruin everything between Marnie and me alright?!Anyways...Marnie and I had a fight...I mean...Yes I listen to her advice but sometimes it's too fucking much advice!And I got really tired of it right now!And now I think Diego told her what he said to me or what I said to him and now she's going on his side!So I think that Marnie and Diego should be *best* friends...I mean She's been really mean to me tonight and I don't need to listen to anymore advice!from her, because I know what I'm doing with my life!So shit!Don't ever tell me what to do...Don't tell me to change!I will eventually change!But hell not now!Just let me be myself!Now I'm going to bed to sob bye! >.
Okay...My day was all good...Except for tonight...Anyways...At skool in P.E. I saw Earnie...He cut his hair and like, c'mon...I looked at Abraham...He cut his hair...and just jeez...And then at Snack I went to Earnie and said 'd00d!What did you do to your hair!Everyone is cutting there hair!WHY?!' And he just looked at me...:DAnd then before I went to Mr. Durans classroom...I saw Earnie and I went to go walk in my classroom and I saw Earnie staring at me and I went 'What?!'And he went 'What?!':DAnd at lunch Joshua was going to rape Lillit...so I was pushing him away...Like...wtf?!And then after skool Lissette and I went to go see Earnie so we can Slap his ass...But we saw him in his classroom and we think he saw us...so we ran down the stairs...fast...heheheeee Uhhm...Now I got in a fight with Marnie!Hold on I'll write it in my next post! 
:DOh.My.God.I went to mass first and then Marie, and Margret, and Lydia talked from like 10:30 until 12:00...We ate lunch and then Marie and I headed towards Beverly Hills...for my audition...On Thursday this lady came up to me at the mall...and she asked me if I want to audition to be on t.v. :D And so I was all 'HELL YA!' and I went to do this audition...This is how it went... Lady: Whats your name? Me: Michelle Lady: How old are you Michelle? Me: 13...And then it went on...and then the lady told me I was awesome and she was going to refer me to an agent...and she said that he might pick me and I have a very high chance he will!Like.Oh.My.God.I'm sooo happy!I might be in the movies or on T.V.!AHHHHHH! 
The Pinky and the Brain the pinky and the brain one is a genius the others insane...lalalalalalaaaa lalalalalalaaaaa The pinky the pinky and the brain brain brain brain brain brain brain brain brain dadadadada dum dum!
Sorry I haven't posted in a while...but I'm back...:DYesterday was Monday...Gabby came over again...And we played on my *NEW* Piano Keyboard thing...:DAnd we went to Rathergood.com...And then Marie and Gabby went to get some food while I took a small shower...Then we hung out for 2 hours...then Marie came back and picked us up...We went to my doctor in Pasadena and blah blah...And Oh Yeah!I got some chips from rite aid...and she told me it was '99 cents'And she asked me if I wanted a bag or not and I said 'Shaaa'o.O Because everytime I talk on the phone with Marnie and Jordan...Just like oh my God...It came out of the blue...And we took Gabby home and I got my hair washed YAY!And it's turning orange...:'(I'm going to get another toner soon!:DAnd I got new Converse!!!The ones with the stars on em...:PWell ttyl bye 
Hey!I got a new nickname!Strawberry!:DSeriously...Don't ask...I didn't go to skool today...I was depressed this morning and all...And Marie said that she might home skool me...for my first year in high skool...so thats a good thing on my part...:DSo yeah I did nothing really...Except look at pictures...go on the internet...and stuff...:DSo thats it...O.o; bye._+StRaWbErRy+_. 
A-W-E-S-O-M-E!Yesterday was awesome!I hung out with Julia...And we went to the mall and hung out then we went back to her house to get something and yeah...And then we went to Edison...Where 'we' happened...But 'we' includes Leah but she wasn't with us...anyways...we were all 'Hey do you remember...' 'Hey do you remember...'So we decided that lik next week we'll go to Edison ~sobs~Anyways we went to the mall...I got a System of a Down cd and then we went to the Alex Theatre...to see 'Pippin' performed by the LACHSA students...:Dand I met one who created the 'Burrito dance' It's an awesome dance...:DHer name is Jesse...anyways...I'm auditioning for LACHSA this year...and my voice teacher is coming on Tue.and \/\/|-|3333!And today I went to Aoba to eat and I saw my Math teacher...Lol...I was trying to hide from him and he saw that so he went to me to embarress me...Anyways...Bye bye!;P.:.:.~*KT*~.:.:. 
Hello there!Today was a rather good day...:DI went to skool and did all I needed to do...Uhhm...I ditched Lissette today...and I had fun with Alyssa...:DI made a club thats called: EFG/JFG and Alyssa and Lucina is in it...You want to know what it stands for?It' for me to know and you to find out...;)Then stupid people who make fun of my hair threw footballs at me...People suck now a days...Then Stupid Tony made fun of my hair again...Saying 'C'mon witch!Show us some magic!Hocus Pocus!'And then I rolled my eyes...then the Armo girls were all laughing...And I said 'Shut up!Lay off...And mind your own buissness!F**k off b*tch!' and teacher heard me and shtuff...I hate Tony...>..:.:.~*KT*~.:.:. 
Uhh...Yes so...Yesterday I went to the saloon again...and he did my hair more reddish because it turned orange...>.> Hence I don't look good in Orange...But with the heat and stuff...it gave me a 'huge' headache...I could barely talk to my friends!! So I only watched a lil' bit of Pirates of the Carribean...And then went to bed at 7:30...It was soooo horrible...anywayz I went to skool today and everyone loved my hair except for some...and I found out that this armo...likes me in my english class...He 'always' wants to be near me...It's all like 'FUCK OFF!' >.> And then we had this group thing and it was fun...It was the usual...Me, Hike, Juan, and Alfonso...Their all cool...At lunch today...people were saying that I have the cutest eyes...:D!!! And I screamed out 'THE SKY IS FALLING!!!' And then Denise got on top of me and Lucina got on top of Denise...and then I was all 'THREESOM!!!!' And they quickly got off...LOL! Well..yeah thats mostly what I did today...And ya...I'm going to do my homework now...BYE! .:.:.~*KT*~.:.:.
Uhh...Yes so...Yesterday I went to the saloon again...and he did my hair more reddish because it turned orange...>.>Hence I don't look good in Orange...But with the heat and stuff...it gave me a 'huge' headache...I could barely talk to my friends!!So I only watched a lil' bit of Pirates of the Carribean...And then went to bed at 7:30...It was soooo horrible...anywayz I went to skool today and everyone loved my hair except for some...and I found out that this armo...likes me in my english class...He 'always' wants to be near me...It's all like 'FUCK OFF!'>.>And then we had this group thing and it was fun...It was the usual...Me, Hike, Juan, and Alfonso...Their all cool...At lunch today...people were saying that I have the cutest eyes...:D!!!And I screamed out 'THE SKY IS FALLING!!!'And then Denise got on top of me and Lucina got on top of Denise...and then I was all 'THREESOM!!!!' And they quickly got off...LOL!Well..yeah thats mostly what I did today...And ya...I'm going to do my homework now...BYE!.:.:.~*KT*~.:.:. 
I went to Marnie's house yesterday at 11:00 A.M.And we did stuff...and more stuff....:P And sooner or later we looked at the clock...it was 4:30...But ya know...we had fun and stuff...I checked out her Ipod...and it was pretty awesome...^.^We watched Pirates of the Carribean together...Oh and she got me duckez slippers...it was awesome...^.^and and and stuff...I played this Neopets game with pop ups...and I was all screaming and stuff...We went to bed at around 4:00 A.M. Then at noon today...we went to Black Angus with Nana...then we went to the mall...and stuff...We didn't get to do much...but when Marie was going to pick me up, Marnie and I figured out how to play the 'Phsycho' theme and the 'Jaws' theme on the piano...We laughed and jumped because it sounded so real...o.o;;Well I'm bored...right now...but hey I'll live....:.:.~*KT*~.:.:. 
Well went to go hang out with my mom...We drove in Grandfathers car...and Aunty Kathy came along...We planned to go to the movies but we didn't...we went in illuminations...I bought this sweet scented candle...and uhhm...we ate Panda Express at the food court...then Mom bought me this AWESOME shirt...It's a Pirates of the Carribean one...^.^I'm wearing it at the moment...lol...anywayz...we got my hair done!^.^It's all thined out, layered, and highlighted...They highlighted it red...It's awesome...I'll show you a picture sometime...lol...went home...made marie sad...and tomarrow I'm sleeping over Marnies!^.^It's going to be awesome...gift exchange too...lol...well ttyl bye bye!~hugs~.:.:.~*MiChElLe ReNeE eDsTrOm*~.:.:. 
And yet another skool day was today...:PWell I went to P.E. and it was pretty boring, hung out with the usual: Stormy, Noel, Fransisco, and Stephanie.In History, Edwin came walking to me and I didn't notice, but I knew someone was walking towards me so he put his hands on my eyes and I thought it was Sandra because his hands were cold.So it went like this: Harris and Edwin came walking and Edwin put his hands on my eyes and I said 'Hmm, cold hands... It's Sandra!' and he took off his hands, and I saw who it was and I was all 'Oh, it's Edwin' and giggled.I have a lot of guys I like...They are: -Diego G., because he's cute and nice and a trouble maker >D -Abraham, because he's really sweet and really flirty -Israel {aka Izzy}, because he's quiet and really cute -Edwin, because he seems really sweet and he's insane like, Julia, Marnie, Lissette, and X-ine, and I ^_^.Alyssa was absent today so at snack I went to the blacktop and saw Jaime and hung out with her until snack ended and I went walking a lone to math.At Lunch, I went to bookdrop first because my 'Hot Topic' bag broke.The red string I use it as something for my hand, like an accessorie.So I got my food and I went to X-ine and Brittany...and hung out with them while eating lunch...then I saw a lil' fight and I followed Lillit...to the field and met up with Abraham and Krystal...and he burped a L-O-U-D Burp and Lillit and I were applauding him.and I carried Lillit on my back, for 25 seconds.And Abraham got on my back, and I laughed my butt off.And yes...Thats skool talk to you later...:DBye bye! 
Well...I had a horrible mygrain all day...And I couldn't do anything about it...So theres nothing much to say...I hung out at snack...Might adopt Lillit..Uhhm..Alyssa brought her cloak, got to talk to her about stuff...came home watched t.v. did stuff and now...I'm really depressed and I don't know why...So I'm writing a song so g'night! 
I had like two dreams.The first one was when I was with my old bestest friend, Benjamen.When it was my first day at Holy Family in the fourth grade, he said hi to me and we talked and then became best friends.:PAnyways, my dream began by: I think it was in Alhambra I think, we were in the car.His mom was driving, and we both sat in the back and we were holding hands talking.And then the last thing I remember seeing is big bright sun.The next dream was I was at skool, and it was really cloudy...{Hence it was raining during the night}I was talking/walking with Alyssa and walking, I remembered saying 'I have to give this letter to Benjamen' and then later on she somehow left me.I kept on walking and I passed Brian and he stuck out his toungue and made the rock sign.Then I stood alone outside of Mrs. Augistines classroom, then Reberto came and some of his friends came to me and they were making fun of me, and I was leaning against the wall, looking down...and looking at my fingernails.And I remember one of them saying: Him: How many Organs do you eat? 10? Me: You eat 100 Him: You eat 150 Me: Well then you eat 200 And meanwhile Reberto was staring at me 
Yesterday was my field Trip to USC...it was loads of fun...and it wasn't loads of fun...Okay First I wasn't going to go because I didn't turn in the permission slip...But I told Juan, and he said that I an still go, I just need to turn it in at the last minute...and I got excited...So after third period, it started to pour, and thats where the fun began...>.
I hung out with Gabby the whole day!:DWe first went to get something for her car...But it took like an Hour...And we were near 'All Souls' and that was the church where I got baptized so we went there...And we went in the skool grounds and I found this small maroon colored vest and I stole it...and Gabby and I also saw this lunch box so I went to look in it and I saw a 'Nasal spray' and I stole it..:PMe=mean...Anyways, she ended up braking my cd player...>.
:DWheeee!Snack was just like a regular snack *until* when Lucina gave me my 'Evanescence' cd back!When I looked at it...I examined it...and then all of a sudden I held it in front of me and said 'Dun dun dun dun!We just got a cd!We just got a cd!We just got a cd I wonder who it's from!';)Tee hee then when I walked Alyssa to her class with Ernie, Ernie passed by her and put his hand in your face and slapped her butt and then walked away and then I was all 'TEEHEEETEEHEEE!!! HAHAHAHAAAA!'Then at lunch...Oh my God.I had half of a Chili Dog, and when we went to our corner I was singing all of these crazy songs for example...'Blues Clues Songs' 'On Top Of Spaghetti' 'Sesame Street Songs' 'John Jacob Jingle Hymer Smith' 'I love you' And then I felt so incredibly dizzy and fell down..>. DAnyways...At Acting Training today, I met this girl who wasn't there last week but started like 2 weeks ago...She came today and she is sooo awesome!Her name's Carrin or something like that!:DI think we'll become good friends in that class!So next week I'm going to write a letter to her...Exchanging #'s and stuff...Hopefully...:PWell I'm home and I'm going to so some stuff buh bye!I love ya!~hugs~EDIT!!!!Since there's two Michelle's in the Acting class...And not to let anyone get confused, Jonathan is going to call me by 'Renee' and Carrin is going to call me 'Ren' for short...But I said for him to call me by my middle name because the other Michelle is cuter and younger so she deserves it!!!:D :D :DLove yaMichelle!!! 
Well today, was a boring Tues. banking day too...>. .
ast person who... *Called You: Lillit*Slept In Your Bed: gugu*Saw You Cry: ErnieSpent The Night At Your House: Samantha*Shared A Drink With: Gabby*You Went To The Movies with: Gabby*You Went To The Mall With: Gabby*Yelled At You: My Aunt*Sent You An Email: Spam*Said They Were Gonna Kill You:Alyssa, BrendaHave You Ever.. *Danced naked?:o.O;Uhhm, No*Stalked Someone?:Jordan Roberts with Lissette*Had A Mud Bath?:no*Wished You Were The Opposite Sex:Uhhm, why would I want to? *Had An Imaginary Friend?:Yesh, her name was Betty*apples Or bananas?:Apples*Blue or Red?:Red*Backstreet Boys or N Sync?:N*Sync*Spring Or Fall?:Fall*Math or english?:Math Some Other Stuff... *What Are You Going To Do After You Finish This Survey?:Do more homework *What Was The Last Meal You Ate:Uhhm, Siera Mist?*How Many Of Your Buddies are on?:11*Last Movie You Saw?:The Mummy Returns*Last Noise You Heard:My Aunts voice annoying the hell out of me Which One Of Your Friends... *Laughs The Weirdest:Lissette {7th grader}*Will Grow Up And Be a Model?:Lucina?*Will Grow Up And Be A Porn Star?:Lillit/Jordan/Ernie/Abraham*Going To Have The Most Kids?:Lillit*Have You Known The Longest?:Julia, Love you!*Quietest?:Jordan/Ernie*Who Is The Moodiest?:ME!:P ABOUT YOUR FRIENDS: *Who Can You Tell Most Of Your Secrets To:Marnie, Thanks hun! *Who do you usually go to about all your problems:Diary*Name Your Best Bud:I have 6...:Julia, Marnie, Jordan, Gabby, Alyssa, and Ernie The Last Few Questions: Last Time You Went Out Of State:2 years ago*Lucky #:15*Things You Like In A Girl/Guy:Deep voice...>D *Weirdest Thing About you?:I have a wierd walk...*Do you like someone?:Yep, Ernie/Jordan*Do Your Friends know:Yep, all of em*What Do You Think About Ouiji boards?:Keep away from me! *What Book Are You Reading Now?:Two Towers*What's On Your Mouse Pad?:My Mouse*Best Feeling in The World:Being in love/kissing someone*What Is The First Thing You Think When You Wake In The Morning?:'I don't want to get up...But I'll see Ernie!:D ~Gets up~' *Have You Ever Died?:In my dreams?Yes*How Many Rings Before You Answer The Phone?:2/3*Future Daughter's Name:Anastasia*Future Son's Name:Jack*Chocolate Or Vanilla?:Chocolate*Do You Sleep With A Stuffed Animal?:Yesh, me gugu!I love you gugu! *What's your favorite alcoholic drink?:Wine?1. if you could change your name, what would you want it to be?Katie/Victoria 2. if you could look like anyone in the world, who would you want to look like?Myself... 3.if you could have a personality like anyone in the world, who would you want to be like?:Myself 4. if you could have one talent, what would it be?:To play the French Horn 5. if you could be on any tv show, what would it be?:Uhhm, I have no idea6. what song best describes you?:A rock song...7. if you ever get married, what do you want your wedding song to be?:'Sunrise Sunset' - From Fiddler On The Roof 8. if you were ever to sing at a karaoke bar, what song would you sing?:o.O;When it happens I will know... 9. if you were trying to seduce someone, what song would you play?:Boyz by Brittany Spears...;D 10. if you could go back in time to change one thing about your past, what would you change?:hm... only one thing? Being adopted by my aunt...Or my Mom dies... 
There was No Skool again today...>. .
I went over Marnie's and we hung out...:DIt was a lot of fun...because we haven't seen each other in quite a while...:DAnd so, we ate dinner...It was Meat, pasta, soup, and mashed/baked poetatoes...:DReally good...Later on we watched 'Benny And Joon':DAwesome movie!!!Johnny Depp was in it...And in some parts in the movie it was hillarious...Like you know in musicals...People run and then fall on their knees and put their hands up and go 'TADA!'Instead of 'TADA!'Johnny Said '...mommy?...'LMAO!And then the people in the movie were watching a movie called 'Prom Queen' And it went like this... Sister: Your sick...You need help... Cindy: He was supposed to be mine...If I can't have him no one can!I was supposed to be the only one wearing that dress! Sister: But Cindy, there will be other dresses other boys...No Cindy!No! No! No!!!! No! No! No! ~Cindy stabs Sister~ Hillarious...Then we went to bed...It was awesome...:D 
Like wow!Okay, well on the way I was doing my homework...but when we got there...it was like so darn cold!AHHH!Anyways...I signed in and, ahhh!I met two new girls...One was a tall, thin, girl...She was pretty and reminded me of Leah.And the other was my height...and uhhm, yes...:DThe tall name is 'Kimberly' And the other...'Manda' And heee well in the first room, We had our warm ups...This was all new to me...so ya know...There was a huge circle of people and then the first warm up was when we had to say 'boing' and pass it on, and it went faster and faster...And our last warm up was when one person turned to the one next to him/her and say 'I like doughnuts' and the other one would go 'well you can't have any' but with a lot more expression...and Then 'I like your shirt' and the other one would go 'I made it myself' :DThen we split up into three groups...And I was with the two girls...and We did a game called 'ABC' where three people sit 3 chairs and they take turns like Person one starts a sentence with an 'A' in the beginning and so on...Then we did an American Idol one...:DOur substitute was 'Simon' and he picked a girl to be 'Paula' heeee...And I did a song...'Jingle Bells'>DAnd the others did it really funnier...And then...Our last game was hard to explain...Well It's called: 'Location, Occupation, and Weapon' You can talk in jibberish, theres 3 people...one person goes out...and the other 2 have to think of something...And they perform the location...And the person who goes out has to guess what they are...And then at the end...People who have their commercial auditions tomarrow practised today...:DThen I went home...and I called Marnie while driving home!And now bed!G'night! 
At skool today:At Snack, Alyssa came back, I asked her where she was.She said she had a Pink Eye.Then when we sat down Ernie, a friend of his, and Ritardo came to us.I was looking away, and he was looking at us.Then when he walked away I looked at him and I saw him smirking at me.>.In my math class we changed seats.and Mr. Duran put me in the front.And then I told him that I couldn't see in the front. ;) So I sit in one desk back.But at least I sit near the cutest guy in class, Israel.Our New P.E. teacher is awesome.His name is Mr. Parker.We only stretch our muscles, do our activit and then leave.He said he doesn't believe that running laps and doing excerciss is what P.E. is about...He thinks that P.E. is about the activitys...^.^Alyssa also gave me a choker necklace chain.Hers says 'Best' and mine says 'Friends'.She's my really close friend at skool.And Marnie & Julia are my closest friends out of skool...;)At lunch, we chased Ernie.He kept on running away and going to teachers out on the field...>. .oRitardo is an ugly butt.He's so small, thin, and short:PI went to my new Elective class.Andrew, Anahid, Kristina, and Denise from my old yearbook class are in it.And Anahid threw up because she ate food poisening at lunch.And two people who sit next to me were making fun of her...>.
Heeee!I went to skool today...Only half day because I had to go see me mommy...So...I went to skool, we have a new P.E. teacher...and he's just boring, But I got a new schedule.I have everything the same except for my elective which is of course 'Apply Tech' and so in my P.E. class our teacher, Mr. Parker gaves us a lector about himself and bored the hell out of us...Then in History, Ms. Frutschy gave us a lecture about the rules in class...And we played 3 games...#1. We had to line in a line from our birth month and day...#2. We lined from shortest to tallest w/o talking...#3. We played a ball game...tis fun...Went to snack did then same boring stuff...Before going to Math, I saw Ernie looking at me...^.^;Then later on I saw my mom...Mommy gave me $25 and some pictures of me when I was lil' and includes pictures of my old dog...:(He died when I was 11...Anyways...Uhhm, Got my hair straightened for tomarrow...which is my first day at acting training!wheee!Uhmm, got a eyeliner!yay!Got home...Voice Lesson teacher came...Practised my song for my recital...tis called 'Castle on a cloud' and learning a new song 'Second hand Rose' heee...finished my homework...and my aunt is bugging me to shut me comp off g'night...Look down to see what I did on Sunday... 
Haven't blogged in a while...Sunday: I went to mass...And then after mass I met up with Gabby...and Gabby asked her mom who asked my aunt if I can spend the day with Gabby and My aunt said 'okay' and...first we picked up Gabby's dad who didn't look like he was in a quite good mood...then we went to eat brunch at 'Mimi's'Uhhm, went back to Gabby's, Gabby and I played Nintendo...We played Zelda first, we named our character...'GALINDO'>.o Lol...Then we made him bump into every wall and called him retarded...LMAO!Uhhm, Then we watched the mummy...~SQUEE!~ I.
Post about today tomarrow, too tired, bye bye! 
I didn't do anything interesting today, woke up at 12:00. :PAnd I talked to Alyssa and I told her I needed to talk to Abraham before Monday, or I guess I would talk to him on Monday.But I feel like this weekend is so damn long.I miss Abraham, because I screwed up yesterday.I am going to hate myself because of what I did.I'm going to write him a letter before I go to bed...if I don't get too tired.Anyways, I didn't eat yesterday so I had this big ass headache.>.
-In P.E. I was late again...>.-In History, we had to meet at the Library and so I met Elena there and Sandra and I were all punching each other...teehee...Then I told Elena to tell Abraham that I like him, and decided to avoid him the rest of the day...-At Snack, I hung out with Joe, because Jeremy wasn't there at all today, so yeah, but then I went with Alyssa and stuff, but when I went in math I showed Bryan the definition of Orgasm...and he did nasty stuff, >.-At Lunch, Anyways at lunch I planned to avoid Abraham, so like when he came to the corner I would hide, but instead since I told me friends you know that I didn't want to him to see me, and when Abraham came to the corner Lissette was all 'Oh my God!He's coming!' and I was all 'No way!' and she pulled my hand and we started running...o.O;I didn't even know why, then Lillit told Abraham to talk to me, and I looked at her and I said Damnit, I was panicing and kept on going inside and outside of a classroom, then I ran passed Abraham, while he said 'Michelle!Wait!' and I said 'GO AWAY!' >. .-At English, I wrote Abraham the letter, I wrote to him what I wanted to tell him at Lunch, but my shyness took it away...>.-Then After skool, I told him to meet me at the restroom where the bungalo's are after skool, and he did and he asked 'why?' and I told him 'I don't know' >. .-And then I went to go see Secret Window with Gabby...:DIt was great!But I kept on thinking of Abraham, I don't know if it's love but, I 
-In P.E. we did Hurdles first and I'm improving on my hurdles ^_^ except for the big ones the guys have to do.Those are just too big x.xAnd then after that we did long jumps with one medium hurdle, and I did it!It was fun!:Pand twice too!-At Snack, Alyssa had a student of the Month ceremony, so I was bored most of snack, Camille dumped Ryan yesterday, and she told me when she got home she realized how much she loved him and cried a lot and she cried herself to sleep, I felt so bad for her and she showed me a letter she wrote to Ryan to ask him back, and later on the day she came up to me and told me that they got back together and I hugged her!I'm so happy for her!:D-At Lunch, Lillit and I did more immitations of celebrities, we did one of 'Benji and Joel' we did the song 'Hold on' I did Joel and she did Benji, you know how Joel like sing in the microphone in 'Hold On' video, he like bends over?Teehee!I did that and it was so funny, Lillit did Benji who in the video bends over playing the electrical guitar!Dahahahahaaaa!And we did more immitations, but we forgot to do Amy Lee, aka Evanescence...Damn >.-At Acting Training, it was Korynn's last day, and I'm going to miss her terribly!But there's this new girl, her name's Roxanne.She very pretty!:DKorynn asked her mom about staying over on the weekend, her mom said that the next time she comes to Eagle Rock, she will call me and she'll pick me up and we'll go to the mall and hang out, and I'll stay over!:DI can't wait!I'm going to go see 'Dawn of the Dead' with Joe and Jeremy, I can't wait!It looks incredibly awesome, and to see it with Joe and Jeremy, awesome!I've known Jeremy since last year in History, he sat like next to me, and I used to talk to him and John.:Dand it's going to be fun, because I've never thought of hanging out with Jeremy...:DBut I now will, KEWL!:PSince our lil' group broke up {Joe, Karim, Me, and Juddy} we went our seperate ways, but Joe and I are going to become good friends again, like last year!:DYay!And including Jeremy!I think I'm going to hang with them the whole next 4 years...:DWell gtg g'night!EDIT!: In Apply Tech, I'm starting to love Mr. Pryzz he's insane like me!:PHe likes me too much and picks on me...>.
Okay, What's so bad about this?Abraham is a 7th grader, but he's freggin tall and he's 14.Okay?He's my age, he just flunked one grade or something.Is it so bad to like a boy who's in 7th grade but my same age?It sucks because I'm in 8th grade and I'm going to high skool next year meaning I'm not going to see him for a whole other freggin year.I know it's not right, but I can't help it.It happened yesterday and just because he's single doesn't mean I should like him.I seriously need help.I mean it's not right, and it's just difficult for me as an 8th grader.And he's like, what? about 6 or 5 months older than me.His birthday was January 27, 1990.Another bad thing about him is that he's a huge flirter and it'll be hard you know?Please someone help me with this.P-L-E-A-S-E! 
I'm using my Xanga now...and if you want to see it it's:urlLink Because I just got in love with Xanga...:P Anyways...I will only be here when Xanga is closed down for a bit...Today, I went to skool...P.E. Walked with Kristina and Noel...:DThen let's see...At History, Edwin and I made faces again...And then at snack, did the usual eat...and then head for math...and at the end of math I got to disscuss with Israel what he got on his paper and mine.And it turns out we got the same...:D Awesome no?:PAt Lunch I started a sort of food fight...and I actually got to throw a nacho at Ernie!teehee!And then at 7th period there was an assembly and it was boring as hell when Gibson gave the lecture of graduating...>
April 28, 2004Today I woke up too late to go walking by myself, so Tanti took me.When I got there, I went to X-ine, and she didn't arrive yet, so when Brittney and Stephanie came first Stephanie put her hands on my eyes, and gave all these wierd answers.And then once I saw it was Stephanie, Brittney did the same thing and I, again gave wierd answers, and she finally took her hands off and I saw X-ine and we talked for a lil' bit.So my first class was History, we too more notes of the Civil War battle.Quite boring.But we did it.And she gave us a lecture about how we are supposed to act when we have a Sub.Because we acted pretty poorly, when the sub was there.It sucked because she began to yell at us.._.At Snack, I went to go get the usual, a burrito and juice.I took two bites and then gave it to someone who wanted it.And then I met up with X-ine and we hung out, while I went searching through her backpack.And her backpack seems as messy as mine is.It's like 'Damn!'Except her's has more than mine.I need to put more stuff in mine actually...:PAnyways, she had some pretty cool stuff in there.So when the bell rang we had to go to our Testing rooms.yes...we're doing the STAR testing.._.It sucks too.The testing's are really easy actually.Today we did the Spelling test and the Math Standard test.Pretty easy.Hopefully I'm at Average level you know?So after the testing Stormy, Noel and I just hang out together, not talking just hanging out.Pretty boring actually.We would look at each other because we were bored.At Lunch, I caught up with X-ine we decided to hang out at the field.And then we went to the corner, and soon Abraham showed up, along with the gang.And Abraham and I began flirting with each other.I think I'm starting to like him again.He's so cool, he began being nicer and nicer to me lately.Anyways, X-ine and I just hung around and Ally, just the same being the same.She just changed into an annoying childish bitch.._.She was actually cool.At Science, I finished copying note's and we watched this Bill Nye video about space and astronauts.Eduardo and I were talking to each other, and Jennice was all 'You guys should date or something, your always talking to each other' and Eddy and I just looked at each other like 'wtf?' and laughed.I can't possibly imagine dating Eddy, he's just a friend.In Apply Tech, Jovanny sat between Anahid and I and got high off of my package of 'Big Red' gumTeehee.Then I did some definitions, aka bookwork.But hey I finally finished it.FINALLYYYYYYY!BWHAHAHAAAAA!When I went walking to the gas station I decided, Hey!I'm going to buy some candy!And I bought two kinds #1. Pixie Sticks#2. Vinilla Caramel cube thingsSo when I went outside to go wait for my aunt I saw Abby and she stayed with me for a lil' while.And she opened the Pixie Sticks bag and she got three.Then Abraham walked by, and it went like this...Me: Hey Abraham!You want some candy? Abraham: No Duh! Me: I have some of those Vinilla Caramel cube things Abraham: Oh Sweet!! Me: You can have some I just don't know how to open it... Abraham: God Michelle! *grabs it from me*Just use your teeth!Abby: I told her to! Abraham: *Opens it with his teeth and breaks the bag while a lot fall out and hands me like 3 in the bag* I only got three okay? Me: Yeah right! Abraham: Serious! Me: Well then where are the rest? Abraham: On the floor I gotta go.. Me: Wait!Do you want some Pixie Sticks? Abraham: Oh Okay.*takes one*Bye Michelle! Me: Bye Abraham! 
Eek!I'm sorry I haven't been blogging that much.My internet got all wierd on me, and I couldn't use it, so yesterday I *finally* called AOL and they fixed the problem, thank god.So, I'll post later, about my day okay?*hugs*
April 12, 2004-In P.E. we did volleyball and it was fun.Since I was non-Suit again, and Stormy's absent, Mr. Parker played with our tea, and I was actually getting into it.So since Mr. Parker was with Noel and me, we won!:Pand we got extra credit-At Snack, I was giving out the pictures of me, I took on Sat. and a lot of people like it, which makes me happy because I think I look cutesy, wanna see it?it's...http://www.angelfire.com/fang/passdabisquits/Me.jpg:P-In Science, I did my work with Eduardo, he's a cool bean.He helped me with my work, and I let him copy it, because it was actually fun, because he helped me with it.:PNot much to say about it, we were supposed to watch a video, but we didn't have enough time to.:(-At Lunch, I took one bite out of a burrito and gave it to this blondey.:PWhile I was sitting down watching Ally eat Ernie kept on looking at me.I still wonder why he always stares at me.O.o;And then since the gate was closed, we couldn't go to our corner...{grr...*KILLS!*}Lissette and I followed Abraham to Mrs. Augustine's class.and we hung out there for the whole lunch, mostly talking to Abby.I don't think he hates me as much!At least I hope he doesn't.I saw Dustin...:DAnd I said 'Hi Dustin'And he smiled at me!Wheeeeee!-In English, they changed the seats, it looks soooo wierd though...it's like...wtf?!o.o;;;;After skool I walked home with Paula and we got the same thing, Doritos and Coke, then when I got home I took a shower, and that my day...:PNot much more to it. 
April 11, 2004Today is Easter!!!:DAnd it was also Julia's birthday party!So I went to mass and I sat next to this one new member.:DAnd she's cool!So at the end we began to sing 'Hallelujah' and it was really powerful and beautiful!and then I got a lot of hugs, like from Joel, Mark, Marcoe, Margret, Lydia, and people...:Pand then it was back home so I can take a shower and get ready for Julia's birthday.And then I put gel on so my hair would be all curly.:PAnd I wore my shirt I got from Solvang.and my black jeans.And then I headed for her house for her b-day!:DAnd I rang the door bell and she came like the usual to come and greet me.Run and then slam herself against the door.:PSo when I got in, She introduced me to one of her friend's from LACHSA.His name was Mose.I wanted to call him Moses, because it would get addictive, :Pand not to my surprise he was crazy like Marnie and me.I mean I would expect it, I mean he goes to LACHSA.So, when I went in the kitchen I saw Diego there, and I smiled.He had the beatles hair cut, he actually looked cuter in it.and so then we went outside and began to Tye-Dye shirts/socks.Mose did a really good job in his, and since I didn't bring a shirt, I did some socks.it was fun.it's all tye-dyed and stuff. Then after that we went inside to talk and hang out and munch on things.So Diego like got a Carrot and put in half a pittah bread and showed it to me, and I began to laugh my ass off, while Diego and Julia and Mose were looking at me cluelessly.I went next to Julia and kept on laughing when Julia and Mose got it, I began to keep on laughing and went on the floor.Julia did the same thing, but got a bigger carrot.and made a whole in it.:D:D:Ddahahahaaa!Then when Mose's mother came, Julia's pigeon who scares me began to like Diego's *ahem*;)and it was rather funny.And then when Mose left, we began to do stuff and then right when we were about to watch Life of Brian Dehvian came and we watched it with her and there was this one part where a guy says 'Bickis Dickis':Dand then Bickis's wife's name is 'constantious buttaux'DAHAHAHAHAHAAAAA!!!!Anyways when we went outside to paint, I began to paint my shoe and my Aunt came and then I had to leave and I hugged all of them good bye then left, and I went home and did some more of my homework, and Now I'm getting ready for skool so g'night! 
Read my Xanga for the long long long entry...:Phttp://xanga.com/requiem_aeternam_eis 
April 2, 2004Well today was half day...and pretty miserable...>.I went to P.E. and I was late as usual, and I went inside the activity room, and we had a sub.>.Then In History I had to go to Rosenburg's class to finish my test.And Israel has Rosenburg too!:Danyways, they seemed to be doing a test also.So I got to finish and when I come back to Frutschy, I find stupid Louis and Juan...and all of them looking in my History Notebook and I grab my notebook saying 'Hey!' and Louis goes 'Oh crap...' :-pthen I had to go to Math, so I went to the class I worked really hard on finishing the assignment, and no one was actually doing it...and so I finished and Mr. Duran said it wasn't due until the end of the next class...>.Then it was Snack, >. .Then it was Science, I had to do a stupid test in that class so I went in Petrosian's classroom do it.I sat in the group with Jaime and Denise.and I had fun at least being in the same class as them, and I miss Petrosian...:(She was awesome...then I went back to Mercado...and I saw everyone playing around with their own cell phones...:Pand I started playing with them as well!:PThen at English I went up the stairs to the class then it said 'meet at the library' and then I went down the stairs then to the other building and went up the stairs to go to the library and got pretty pissed off in there, don't know how I just did...>.Then in Apply Tech...When I was on my way there I saw Dusty and yelled out 'Dustina!' but I don't think he heard me...:(Then I did some stupid stuff and after skool hung out with Alyssa came home took a shower and watched tee vee crappy day really... 
April 1, 2004Hmmm...April fools day...>.Main thing that happened today was at lunchAlyssa was absent so, most likely boredom kicked in.Dustin came to the corner, but Abraham didn't...:D:D:DI was that Dustin didn't show up at the corner when I was absent.o.O;I wonder if he...Nah he can't possibly...but maybe...I don't know...Anyways, I did an Eminem impression and since it was the same day as the talent show I told them Me: Hey I should of tried out for the talent show! Lillit: Oh and what would you do? Me: Uhhm...*Awkward silece* OH!I KNOW!Eminem impression *Laughter from the whole gang* Me: seriously!imagine me with baggy pants and a baggy shirt, and having a cap on except backwards, and with the microphone, and *moves hands like a P.I.M.P.* 'y0 lose yourself in the music the moment...'Gang: *Cracks up*Teehee!It was hillarious!Then Stephanie and Lissette were whispering something, and then they began to kick my ass, and after like the fourth or fifth time, I fell on the floor with pain, and then I tried to get up but Stephanie's shoe hit me hard, and cut my arm...>.Then later on I finally, FINALLY, F-I-N-A-L-L-Y!, got Dustin, I kicked his ass, litterally.Not kicked his ass as in beating him up, but like just kicking...:D:D:DMe=And then when I got home I had a major headache and I watched TRL and the MTV News said that Simple Plan was breaking up.Then they called the Lead Singer, and he said that it was true, then everyone felt sad, and I did too, and then later on he called back and he said it was an April Fools joke, I got so pissed off, I felt bad for nothing!>.
Well Today I was late because I didn't feel like getting up out of bed.And because I didn't do my project thing.And I had to do it today.And then My aunt was bugging me, and just blaugh!So I started walking fast to skool, and I made it!I was like only a few minutes late!o.o;Wow, I thought I would be like 15 minutes late.Anyways, I went to P.E. and saw X-ina and Noel talking, so I went with them, and then they started talking about Terrorist attack.And it just freaked me out.I got really scarrrred!Anyways, after that I went to History and we were working on our Brochure's and I turned in my notebook and I don't know if a 25 is good or bad.>.
Heyy!I'm back everyone!Okay so I woke up today really tired and sleepy, I didn't want to get up so I ended up being late.And what I forgot was that it was free dress day, which made my day a lil' bit more tough, so I went to my P.E. class and I went to the field and I saw all the 8th graders at the field and then it hit me, that it was Panerama picture day.Where all of the 8th graders take a picture together.And so I met up with X-ine and we took the picture together which was fuuun!We would talk and we giggled and all of that coolness.And then since the Panerama pictures took up all of 2nd period *W00T!* I went to my third period and we did vocabulary the whole time, which was kind of boring.And then at snack I decided to call my aunt to see if she can bring me an extra T-Shirt, but she didn't.._.And so after calling her I went to go to my Math class, and lucky me I got the seat with gum on it, and I had gum stuck on my butt all day.>. .
Hello there you miraculus people!I got up late and rushed to put on some clothes.And put my hair up in a high bun.Then off to go pick up Paula.When I got to class we were reading and the sort.At snack, I showed Christine and Brittany my Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich my aunt made me.I laughed and told them that I felt like I was back in elementary again.:)And then when the bell rang I went to go to class and noticed Javier right next to me and then He said 'Hey Michelle' and I turned to my side, he was going up the stairs and I smiled and said 'Hey Javier!' Then I went to my class.And Erika, Robert and I were writing notes to each other.At the end of the class, Erika and Malcom were being really disgusting!They were throwing spitballs at each other, except the one that Malcom threw landed on my sleeve.It was soooo disgusting!But Erika got back at him for doing that to me.Ahh.Even more disgusting then what Malcom did.She got a whole piece of paper and put it in her mouth, she chewed on it until class ended and she put it in the back of Malcom's shirt.Ewwwwwwh!Anyways, I searched for Paula and didn't see her so I went to go walking home by myself.*sigh*I walked past Javier and his two wierd friends, and they just stared at me, and told Javier I was passing by and he got a piece of paper from his backpack and threw it at me.I looked at the paper and threw it back at him and we smiled at each other.Hah.He's an awesome friend!:DHe's probably one of my best friends, mostly because of his sister.But I think we might like each other.I try to get a picture of him but it's hard.And I met up with Paula later on.We started to walk home and then I saw my aunt and she gave us a ride.And then I went to go get my hair done at the saloon.And I got new shampoo to keep the color in longer!\/\/|-|33333!And then I went to my cousins house and we hung out there for a bit, We talked about how short she was and lol.Poor Armine.And then I went home and Allyssa called and gave me a speech why she wants me to pass 9th grade.Dude.I am going to pass, but she can't tell me what to do.We had an argument like this before.But bigger, but she drives me insane sometimes.Voice Lessons are going to be at 2:00 on Wed.Well better go to bed.Paula's mom is going to drive us to skool tomarrow!*hugs* Love ya!G'night!*kiss* Mwah!Bye bye! 
Yep!June 21 was my birthday!Yet it was cloudy and it didn't feel like my birthday and I felt depressed the whole day.Well at least half of the day.Well I had to go to Summer Skool right?So I put on my favorite shirt.It was a John Deere one Mom got me from Hot Topic.I don't know why I love it so much.Maybe because I did the report on him so many times?I have no idea why, I just do.Anyways, I went to go pick up Paula so we don't have to walk those 3 miles to skool.Or more!*gasp*So we also picked up Marly to show us where our classes were because she graduated Glendale High Already.So, Paula's the lucky one, Her class gets to be where the bungaloos are and she doesn't get to walk up stairs.Unfortuneately for me, I have to climb up to the 4th floor in one of the biggest buildings.And there has to be 6 or 7 flights of stairs.*sigh*Poopie.Anyways.My teacher's name is Meados.She's A-W-E-S-O-M-E!She reads to us, she helps us with everything, she's just like one of the best summer skool teachers I've ever had.Yeah.So at snack I found Paula and then Brittany and Christine came and I hugged both of them, so happy to see them!And then we just kept on talking and then when the bell rang we all went our seperate ways, Except when I started walking I passed by Javier and he called out my name.Javier is my friend, Lucina's brother.The 7th grader in Roosevelt.He dated Monica too!And so I turned around and like whoa.He sooo changed!His hair is now spiked.He got a lil' more into Puberty meaning, his voice changed and he got a lil' bit more Acne then he usually had.And he wore the same glasses.In my opinion, he was much hotter since I last saw him in the 7th grade!:DHe's going to be a sophmore now.Anyways, I went to him and he said 'Hey!Now I get to see who you are!Kewl!*handshake*' I said to him 'Yep!*grin*Very kewl!' And he said 'So who do you have?' And I told him 'Oh I have Meados up in the big building all the way up the stairs' and lol he said 'Haha!I don't know where that is but kewl!' I laughed also then he told me bye and I went to my class.Meh.I like him now.I know it's not good but I do.Anyways, When we started walking home I walked with Paula and Brittany.And Brittany's mom offered us a ride, and so when we got to Sav-Ons we all got squished.Denise was on the far left of me I sat next to Denise Brittany sat next to me and Paula was sitting a lil' bit on Brittany's lap!Lol!It was sooo funny!I could feel Denise's heartbeat teehee!Then Brittany's mom dropped us off at 7-11.It was like walking home from Roosevelt again lol!The Mom picked Paula and me up and Gabby was there too!So we dropped off Paula and then we went home.Mom went to go do some errands.So, Gabby and I went inside, And I saw the outside door had a banner that said: 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY!' And then I opened the door and guess what was inside.No not a surprise party, there was a bouquet of roses {That are in my room at the moment. :P} and next to it was a card.And it was standing on top a bunch of cookies.And in front of my kitchen it said 'Happy Birthday Michelle' *sigh*I opened the card and inside was a letter that said a lot of things that would make you cry.It also had a 25 gift Certificate to Hot Topic.And so I knew I was gonna cry when I read the letter, so I told Gabby to go in my room so she wouldn't see me cry, and so I started reading it.I won't tell you guys what it said but I'll tell you what the first line said,: Dear Michelle, It's hard to believe you are entering your 14th year.Throughout these years you've began to change and mature, and ever since I picked you up from the foster home.It seems just like yesterday' and gah!It would make you cry because I'm a rebel to her!And I try not to be anymore.Anyways, Gabby and I hung out and I was on the internet the whole day then I went to bed.:PAnd loads of phone calls :P 
Well yes today was a stay home day.I didn't feel like getting up because I was too tired so I stayed home while getting Marie pissed off.So then later on she stopped being pissed off and we went to Linkin Hieghts.Well because she needed to go to the bank there.Then we went to a mexican resturaunt.And guess what I had?A hamburger!:Pand some fries.Then we went into the 99 cent store and I got gum and some batterys.When I payed for the batterys they cost 7 pennys more then I had so, the lady let me have the batterys even when I didn't have the 7 cents.Wasn't that nice of her?:DHow cooool!Anyways, after that we headed home and I went on the comp for a wee little bit, and then I had to go to Dr. Mineros.And this time when I went to Mineros, Marie told him every single detail that goes on here.And duuuude thats not cool.Every bloody detail..>.
I woke up early because Paula told me to go to her house early so we can walk together to skool, because it takes us an hour or more to get there.So I went to her house around 6:55 A.M. and then her mom offered to drive us to skool, so we were at skool at 7:00 A.M. and class starts at 8:00 A.M. and she was saying 'It's all your fault Michelle!Why did you come to my house so early?!' And it's like 'What the hell?You told me to.'._.So, anyways, at snack I caught up with Ariel, Stormy, Noel, and Jenny.And we walked around the whole skool, and it was really boring in a way.When the bell rang, I started walking to my next class, and I started to walk with Javier, and I gave him a note that I wrote to him in class because I was bored, and he gave me his Hot Cheetos, because he didn't want it anymore.And in my class we finished the book 'The Best Christmas Pageant Ever'It ended up being really good and interesting!:)So after skool, I went to go meet up with Paula, where she told me she wanted to meet me after skool, and I didn't see her and I think she was with Audrey and Miranda, but like whatevers.So then Javier gave me his response from the note I wrote to him.And I read it while walking home and he invited me to hang out with him and his friends, because I have no one to hang out with.And so thats awesome!:)When I got home, Marnie called and she told me it was okay to come over, so I went over and we got into her pool which had some chlorine in it and when we dried off we were soooooo exhausted so we watched t.v. and then when her mom came home she asked us if we wanted to see 'Spiderman 2' with her.And I told her my aunt was picking me up at 7:00.But I ended up staying over and we watched 'The Beatles' first visit to the U.S.' and I will never forget this quote Paul: 'Ringo!Packing!'AndJohn and George: 'John and George best buds and pals forever!' {Or something like that}Teehee and we watched PotC right before going to sleep. 
Okay, so yesterday I had so much fun. I went to Talent Night for the cheerleaders at Incarnate Word with Shean, Michael, and Patrick. Three hilarious guys. It was so much fun. The cheerleaders did really good. The dance was too cute. Good job girls..If any of ya'll read this. I sat with Levi and Ashley ((Lay)) the whole time and Levi was all freakin over me. It was kinda funny though. So everyone saw my black hair and I was really surprised by what they said...They all liked it..Unless they were lying to me! haha, who knows? Then afterwards, we went to Whataburger and talked about sex and shit. haha. It was really funny. Then we dropped off Michael then Shean took me home. Later, around 12:30 me and Kristin went to Jack in the Box and when I got home, Cody called me and came over. He was over until about 1:30 I guess. And then I came inside. I didn't freakin go to bed until like 6:30. It was horrible. I hate doing that. On a lighter note, I'm SO excited to go to Brittany's sweet 16, we're going to hit up downtown for sure!! Haha, I can't wait! Well, I'm gonna go. Byee!! 
ChevyCamaroSS454: Ok so one day Joe Cool 8-) (a.k.a me) was walkin down the street happy as can be :-) cuz he just saw this fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine hoe :-* (a.k.a you.) He saw her and was like daaaaaaaaaayum =-O im bout to go spit my game at her yo!! "Say girl how ya doin' ;-)?" Of course she tried playin it off sayin she was the "perfect lil angel" O:-).A little embarassed :-\ i didnt know what to do, but im quick on my feet and said "I'll put my money where my mouth is :-$!!" Shocked by his pass at her she didnt know what to say :-X.Her cheeks started blushin, as he started reachin for his wallet :-[.Thinkin to herself "damn maybe i can make some money out of this!" So after they did their lil groove thang he said "so why dont u let me be yo pimp!" She lashed back >:o sayin her momma wouldnt aprove and started crying :'(. Girl dont be sad :-( you got me as your pimp :-D. And thats the story behind ChevyCamaroSS454: Katie becoming Logans number one hoe!!
 ALL RIGHT, HERE'S THE DEAL. ::ANONYMOUSLY:: POST 3 QUESTIONS AND I WILL ANSWER THEM TOTALLY AND COMPLETELY HONESTLY. --katie-- 
Alright, Wednesday night, James calls me at about 2:30AM saying that he's around my neighborhood and he wants to stop by. Cool. haha. He was with Jared, and Jared's little brother Jordan. Haha, cuties. Jordan was real drunk. It was too funny. "Let me see your face!!" Haha, great. Then, yesterday I went to Yoga with Brittany and her mom. Wow, it was too much fun! My mom wants to start doing it now!! Except, I'm like really randomly sore today?? Haha, then this morning I had to go to the dentist! :-\ I HATE THE DENTIST! Then, me, my mom and Kyle ((My little bro)) went out to eat at this place called Fara's Hacienda. It was actually pretty good considering I don't like Mexican food besides Taco Cabana. AHH I LOVE TACO CABANA! Haha, then we went to Sam's Club where some dumb ass lady hit the side of our car with her cheap ass little Pontiac!! WTF?? And then she didn't have insurence so my mom just left, but I was pissed cause a couple weeks ago, some lady hit our car too. What the hell? Do ya'll like hitting Escalades or what? haha. AnYwAyS! Tomorrow is like my relaxing day. On Sunday, I have a hair appointment at 10:30 then I'm hittin up Floores with Brittany and Veronica! AHH, I can't wait! PaRtY GiRLs Or WhAt!? Then, on Monday I have to go to Prep Day at CAHS. I'm nervous about that!! Then, Tuesday I have a doctor's appointment at 11:15AM then I go back to the dentist at 1 cause I have to get a cavitity filled! YiKES! On Wednesday, Me, Brittany and Veronica are going DoWnToWn for sure!! We're going for Brittany's 16th brithday!! I love you hunny!!!! OH MY GOSH OH MY GOSH OH MY GOSH! I can't wait!! I'm too excited! We're spending the night in La Mansion Del Rio and AHH we have an ice cream cake and skldjfklsdj I'm so ready to just be with the girls for the night!! Anyways, then on Friday...DUN DUN DUN...I have a consultation with an orthodontist for braces. Yeah, I know...Katie with braces! Crazy, I know! Okay, I'm gonna go! byee!!
 Okay,yesterday I was supposed to go out to see A Cinderella Story and then to Jim's with Brittany, Meghan, James and Kevin but I felt so gross in the morning that i bailed on them again. I felt bad :-\ but they stopped by afterwards to cheer me up and brought me two RED BULLS if you know me, then you know I get very happy over them! haha. Then I didn't do anything the rest of the day. Cody was very nice to me and called to check in on me. It was really sweet of him! Anyways! Today, I decided to go to the lake with my mom and brother. I wakeboarded. HOW COOL AM I!? Haha, and I pulled my little brother in the tube, it was alot of fun. Then on the way home we got Subway for dinner. YAY! Okay, I'm gonna go, byeee!! 
SOO BORED!!!I am: Katie mutha fuckin Catland. I love: Meghan and Brittany. I fear: Being alone. I hope: I can experience love. I hear: D-12 "How Come" I crave: Red Bulls. THANKS GIRLS!!I regret: Too many things.I cry: Alot. It's a stress releaser. I care: About everyone. I always: Screw things up. I believe: In love at first site. I listen: To Nathaniel for advice..most of the time. hehe. I sing: In the shower. I dance: In the car with Kristin. She likes my dancing! haha. I write: Letters to my friends during the school year. I learn: That mistakes can be fixed, but friendships USUALLY can't. I feel: LOVED! I love my best friends! I know: That Junior year will be different. I say: "What is meant to be, will always find a way" I dream: Of being a news anchor. I wonder: If I will ever fall in love. I want: A boyfriend. haha. I've got: Alot of guys friends, but nothing more. I fell: In La Guardia airport in NYC. hahaha. Right on my face. I need: Meghan and Brittany. I would be so lost without them!
OKAY, SO I HAD A HORRIBLE MORNING. I DON'T EVER REMEMBER CRYING SO HARD AND FOR SO LONG. I HAD TO WAKE UP AT 4:30 TO TAKE KEL TO THE AIRPORT WITH MY MOM. I TALKED TO MY MOM ON THE WAY HOME AND I CRIED AND CRIED AND CRIED TO HER. I FINALLY WENT BACK TO SLEEP AROUND 7:15 OR SO AND I WAS STILL FEELING SO BAD WHEN I WOKE UP. IF YOU WANNA TALK TO ME ABOUT WHY I WAS UPSET THAT'S FINE BUT I'M NOT GOING TO PUT IT UP HERE FOR THE WHOLE WORLD TO SEE. ANYWAYS, I WAS SUPPOSED TO GO TO FIESTA TEXAS WITH BRITTANY, MEGHAN, KEVIN AND JAMES BUT I KNEW THAT IF I WENT, I WOULD BE SUCH A DOWNER CAUSE I RANDOMLY STARTED CRYING AT DIFFERNET PARTS IN THE DAY...THEN MY MOM ASKED IF I WANTED TO GO TO THE LAKE WITH HER AND MY LITTLE BROTHER TO CLEAR MY HEAD A LITTLE BIT AND I SAID OKAY. KYLE WAS TOO CUTE AND BOUGHT ME A RED BULL CAUSE HE KNOWS I LOVE THEM. AH, I LOVE THAT KID. THEN ME AND MY MOM WENT TO ACADEMY TO BUY ME NEW TENNIS SHOES. THEN I WENT TO TANFASTIC THEN TO RACQUETBALL WITH KRISTIN. OVERALL, I GUESS IT WAS AN OKAY DAY. IT GOT BETTER TOWARDS THE END. WELL, I'M GONNA GO. BYEE! XOXO KATIE
SO I'M OFFICALLY IN TOTAL AND COMPLETE LOVE WITH A TRUCK THAT KRISTIN AND I SAW AT TC'S. SO FREAKIN GORGEOUS. I'M NOT EVEN KIDDING. IT WAS BIG AND RED AND HAD A HOTTTT COWBOY INSIDE!&nbsp;HAHA, I LOVED IT. SO ANYWAYS, THIS MORNING I WOKE UP EARLY AND RAN ERRANDS WITH KELLI. THEN WE CAME HOME AND CLEANED CAUSE MY MOM AND LITTLE BROTHER WERE COMING HOME FROM WYOMING. ME, KELLI, MATT AND KRISTIN WENT TO PICK THEM UP FROM THE AIR PORT ((IT'S YOUR DADDY!! FUNNIEST THING EVER!!)) THEN WE WENT OUT TO EAT AT SOME MEXICAN FOOD PLACE ON BANDERA RD. AND I SAW A HOTT GUY THERE THAT LOOKED LIKE BRAD FROM THE REAL WORLD. HAHA, YEAH. HOTTTT. THEN WE CAME HOME AND ME AND KRISTIN WERE GOING TO GO TANNING BUT THEY CLOSE AT 8 ON SUNDAYS. OOPS. OH WELL. WE WENT TO TC'S INSTEAD AND I SAW THE HOTT COWBOY! HAHA, WELL I'M GONNA GO! BYEE!!!
Wow, so I just got home from downtown with Brittany and Veronica. I HAD THE GREATEST TIME!! Wow, too much fun! Okay, we go down there and we get checked into the hotel and stuff and we decide to go to River Center Mall. Haha, good times! Then we came back to the hotel and got ready to go out to eat. We looked real hott. :-) Then, we went to Dick's Last Resort. AHH TOO MUCH FUN! Haha, it was so funny! Then, we came back to the hotel and went swimming. WOW. Haha.Then, we went back to our room and ate cake! BEST CAKE OF MY LIFE! Then, we stood out on our balcony ((Cause we faced the river)) and talked shit to drunk people. HOWDY COWBOY! YEE-HAW! Haha, wow. Great. Now..For the insiders! VIVA LA MADAGASCAR! BLACKMAIL. GLASS BOTTLES. THE SENSORS IN THE FRIDGE! "PLEASE TELL ME YA'LL ARE 21". FARTING. ALMOST AS GOOD AS DICKS. RIVERBOAT AND SEEING THE PARTY HAT! "MAN, I WISH I HAD SOME MILK...WELL THERE'S FRUIT" THE BAT. "IT'S HOWDY DOODY TIME!" I'M SO EASY, I'M INSTANT. "I'M IN A REALLY BAD DREAM." BALCONY PARTY! SKID MARKS. CAMEL/LLAMA. HOWDY COWBOY! DRESSING ROOM. NO CAMERAS!! CLEARING THE BED JUMP. BUBBLE BATHTUB PARTY! I PEE SITTING DOWN. RANDOM BOOTY CALLFOR SURE . CAPES AND PARTY HATS. WHOLE CHICKENS. MEAN ASS 12 YEAR OLDS! BRAS. CAKE. PEEING IN BRITT'S MOUTH. LEARNING HOW TO KUMBIA. POOL JUMPS. CURTAIN ROD HITTING BRITTANY..TWICE. LITTLE BOY IN THE TUXEDO. AND THE JET ATTACK.
Alright. Sorry for the lack of updating. I just haven't felt like it! :-) So, Sunday night...Me, Brittany, and Veronica go to Floores and get stood up by Eric. Haha, just kidding hun! Best time at Floores. 2-steppin, random girl and the pole...SPLAT! Me and Brittany randomly dancing around the floor...with no one. haha. Waiting forever for the pool table and NEVER getting it! Yeah, then I spent the night at Brittany's and we stayed up until like 7 in the morning, dancing, calling Logan, eating ice cream, finding out about her mom :-D, cucumber fight and pore strips! WOW, best night with my best friend!! Yup, you should be jealous. Then, we went to Prep Day and I saw my other lovers EmiLy AnD KaTie!! AHH, I can't even tell you how much I've missed them! Me and Brittany went mismatched..but we matched! Haha, it was great. I loved it! PaRiS AnD NiCoLe! Then, Kevin picked us up and we went to TC's! Then we went back to Britt's and Logan came over and we randomly got into a huge water fight. Haha, it was so great. Even the dog was in the fight! Then, I went home and then I went out with Emily and Katie. WOW, GREATEST NIGHT. Too much fun! We ::NEW POLL:: LEAVE MY HAIR BLACK... OR DYE IT BACK TO BROWN?? LEAVE COMMENTS!
I went to go get my hair done this morning because I'm tired of my black hair and all the little comments that go along with it. "Pullin an Ashlee Simpson huh? haha" Yeah, it was funny when Brittany said it but not when ten million other people do it to. So, yeah. I'm getting my hair dyed and Patsy ((the hairdresser)) told me that my hair color most likely wouldn't change unless I bleached it. My hair is already almost dead because of my straightener and bleaching it may cause it to fall out. What the hell? I used to be in love with my hair and now it's gonna fall out!? So, she didn't bleach it but the color she put it doesn't change it at all. So next weekend, we're having a bleaching party, but I'm not supposed to like blow dry it or straighten it because it needs as much strength as it can get. Yeah, whatever. I hate my curly hair and I'm not about to not use my straightener. I have an unhealthy relationship with that thing! Haha, yeah. So me and Logan were supposed to have an OFFICIAL pimp/hoe date today before I went to Floores but his bronco broke down and so now I'm gonna go shopping with my mom. YAY?? Haha. Okay, well I'm gonna go straighten my hair! Byee!!
Okay, starting with yesterday. I went up to school to go help out at the Fish Camp with my #1 love BriTTknEE!! It was alot of fun! I was in the PiNK group with Jessica Hernandez and Lisa Cleveland and I love those girls so I was like HELL YES! And then I found out that I'm not in Mr. Bigelow's advisory anymore :-/...But I am in Mr. Harris' now so that's freakin awesome!! After Fish Camp, we were waiting for my sister to get there to pick us up and like Brittany said in her little journal thing...Me, Brittany and Jessica acted like typical teen girls...I won't say what we did but it was so much fun. haha, I loved it. Then I came home and fell asleep then my sister got home from the barn and wanted to go to TCBY Yogurt waaay out on Fredricksburg so we went there...Then out to the barn...Then I went tanning and then we came home...And had lots of fun. hahahaha. I love my sister. Oh, me and Brittany have discovered that we are freakin OBSESSED with Subway. I'm not even kidding. Oh, and I like the way it's about 2 days until school starts and I have not even BEGUN to work on my 3 summer reading assignments. :-D Yeah..Well I'm going to the lake today then SLEEPOVER at my house tonight!! YAY! 
 Alright. I need to update! So, yesterday Me, Brittany, and Meghan got all dressed up ((Yeah, we looked HaWt)) and went to get interviewed at Salsalitos and we didn't even get the interview! Yeah, what the hell is that?? So, we end up going back to Britt's to kill a little bit of time and then we went to go apply/eat at Outback. It was so good. I freakin 
 I'm in a very"ALL AMERICAN REJECTS"mood. But I don't know why?? So yeah. I haven't updated in a while...I haven't really done that much...On Saturday night I went out with Timothy. We went to see Anchorman and then to TC's. We met up with Taylor and then we went to Taylor's house. I got drunk. Very drunk. And called just about as many people as I could. Haha, sorry if you got a call from me! And on Sunday, I had a hangover. I was in a bad mood towards everyone except my sister and brother. Then we went out to Converse to visit my dad. CRAAAAZY. Yeah. That's pretty much it...I'm doing FISH CAMP at school with Brittany and Katie from 10-1 and then I have a job interview at Salsalitos on Wednesday at 3:00 with Brittany. We're gonna be
Everyone I know, please look at this site and look at the link of Clayton;&nbsp; it is truly hilarious in a gay sort of way!
 Please someone make today not suck!!! Not only is it raining right now, but...(sob)...my AV adapter broke on my PS2 and now I can't play DDRMAX2 with the dance pad I just bought! If anyone can make my day any better, please try; I need all the cheering up I can get. 
1. Favorite kind of Ice cream: Mint chocolate chip 2. Worst pick up line used on the opposite sex: "I lost my number, can I have yours?" 3. Reason for taking this survey: Extremely bored watching reruns of the A-Team. 4. Funniest thing that ever happened to you: got a bead stuck in my nose (not that funny). 5. Ever have talks with your parents about sex? Hell no, they dont understand half of my emmense teenage lingo. 6. Do you think the color purple is Gay? Why not, Tinky-Winky is purple, and he can't be straight. 7. (men)&nbsp;Are breasts the first thing you look for in a woman? Damn Straight!! 8. (women) Are muscles the first thing you look for in a man? Couldn't answer without sounding Homosexual. 9. Do you believe in love at first site? Sure do...(Hannah) 10. If you were stuck on a deserted island, what would you bring and why? I would bring a cell phone to get the hell off the damn island!Thanx for playing! You win the feeling of accomplishment that you finished something you actually started. CoNgRaTuLaTiOns!
If I could describe LBA in three words, those words would beit f***in rocked!Furthermore,our show encompassed the music of one of the best bands in the world - the Beatles. The crowd loved every minute of it and so did we; this is just a shout-out to all those who helped to make it a success! &nbsp;I'll Holla at ya L8er. 
 Please anyone in Terrebonne High School's Marching Band save me from this torture! I am dealing with some of the worst musicians in my entire musical career! The music is cool, but some of the students attitudes are far from optomistic. Personally, I love the music, but then again what music don't I like, right? Today was cool, simply because I got to order a whole lot of little sophomores around all day; I felt so powerful! The music is hard, but if (emphasis on "IF") the group gets it together, then it will be so awesome.Terrebonne High School's "Sound of Pride" will sound like a marching orchestra when we get through teaching them what they gotta learn, ESPECIALLY THE WOODWIND SECTIONS!!!I"ll Holla at ya L8er all my band peeps!
 Wow, who would have thought I would have something nice to say about band camp, other than that it is over today!? Actually, the band has somehow (I don't exactly know how) come together and is working very hard. The overall morale has increased dramatically, along with our progression with the show; we already have 3 of our 4 songs with movement on the field already.Sadly, we are still losing people from our show; very important people I might add. My co-section leader is considering quitting so that she can do colorguard, but she won't be able to because TRYOUTS WERE IN MAY; SHE CANT JOIN NOW!!! Well, anyway, today went well, other than slight setbacks such as forgeting a set or missing a spot here and there. I have to give a shout-out to all my '05 seniors out there who made this year's band camp a fairly successful venture:GIVE IT UP FOR THE '05 SENIORS AT THS!! H O L L AAT Y A L 8 E R !!! 
OK, NOW THAT I HAVE SOME FREE TIME ON MY HANDS, I CAN POST SOME MORE TO KEEP MY LOYAL READERS (YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE) HAPPY!HoLlA aT u L8ER!The GO-TRO Has Spoken! All woodwinds bow down to thee (except for kate; she is a fellow woodwind god and is exempt from worship of me)!
 Well, so far the band has detereorated more than composte in a fire, and quite quickly I might add. THAT IS SOOO DEPRESSING! Our band was supposed to be about 100 members strong, but sadly, half, or about half, of the members quit for THE STUPIDEST REASONS IMAGINABLE!!!1. "THE SHOW WAS TOO HARD AND I DIDNT FEEL LIKE DOING IT." 2. "I JUST DONT LIKE MARCHING ANYMORE. SORRY." 3. "I'LL JUST COME BACK FOR CONCERT BAND, THEY DONT NEED ME RIGHT NOW ANYWAY."AND THE LIST GOES ON FOREVER. As long as I am breathing and living, I will not stand for anymore of this foolish "i'm gonna leave cause its too hard" bullshit! Our show is suffering because of a few measly lazy bums who never had to work this hard and can't put forth any effort, and I'm REALLY SICK OF IT!KATE, if you comment on this, I would really appreciate you emmensly. Oh and by the way, I need my copy of Finale back; my computer rebooted itself and I need to reinstall it right away. THANKS! (ANYONE WHO FEELS THE SAME WAY PLEASE FEEL FREE TO COMMENT ON THIS SITUATION)Holla at ya L8er! 
Wow, summer has really gone by fast this year; I've had a really great time this summer doing everything I wanted to do and meeting some interesting people. I just wanted to reflect on the goings-on of my summer, due to the fact that I don't get out much so I am a poor person to have a conversation with so, here we go: 1. I was honored to recieve a nomination for Who's Who in American High School Students. 2. I participated in a downtown play at La Petit Theatre De Terrebonne (orchestra was the Shizznit!) 3. I had the pleasure (yeah, right.) of being a drill seargent in our band camp at Terrebonne High. 4. I assisted my sister in being published in the International Society of Poets' newest volume of poetry, Tracing the Infinite,which she won a plaque for most outstanding poet 13 and older. 5. Of course, I have to talk aboutLBA , one of the greatest congregations of musicians I have ever had the pleasure of attending.And thats about it. As you can see, my life is filled to the brim with social activities, which I would like to thank a few people for showing to me: Kate and Brett , thank you for being such intelligent people and . . . well . . .just being all around cool people; I really appreciate you guys emmensely. L8ter Peeps!
					 						 I saw a 747SP take off today from twenty feet away. I had a ringside seat; the wings drooped with fuel weight until they picked up speed and flexed and lifted that aerodynamic impossibility off the ground. I grin as I realize very few people would know that a 747 with Rolls Royce engines is odd. A bigger grin surfaces when I realize that most people wouldn't know it was a 747, SP or no SP. That's what today was all about. 						 
					 						 The Smiths on vinyl. I'm transported back to a London suburb, 1980, and I'm a rebellious youth with Morrissey speaking to me from a cheap plastic record player. I grease up my pompadour and roll the cuffs on my jeans. 						 
					 						 A year ago today I was sitting on the aft jumpseat of a Boeing 737-2H4, registered as N73SW. As we approached Houston Hobby (HOU), there was a loud snap-bang from aircraft left and we rolled violently in that direction. Bins popped open, galley supplies flew out of their cabinets, and passengers screamed. I held my brace position as commands for an emergency evacuation began running unprompted through the front of my mind. Hundreds of feet forward, on the flight deck, the pilots corrected and we slammed our wheels down on the runway. I felt the contact with the tarmac all the way up my spine as oxygen masks dropped from their stowages and ceiling panels were dislodged. The thrust reversers screamed to life, slowing us until the breaks could bite and stop our aircraft. We sat there for what felt like ages, cabin silent and engines still. Then, as if nothing happened, the engines spooled up and we taxied what was left of our aircraft to the gate. Up front, the senior attendant couldn't even bring herself to make the "welcome to Houston" announcement. Anything said at that point would be meaningless, as our passengers sat shell-shocked, reflecting on the split-second of time when life and death intersected.The pilots remained hidden behind their locked door, leaving us to deal with questions like, "What the fuck was that?" and "What is wrong with you people?" Once all of the passengers had left to meet loved ones and relay their own version of the incident, the pilots emerged, pale and shaken. "I think we struck our wingtip," said the first officer, as he collapsed into the first row of passenger seats. Maintenance had arrived, and informed the captain that the trailing edge flaps for the left wing had deployed, uncommanded, to their fully extended positions. "You guys are lucky you didn't flip over onto your back." He left to join the small knot of people now gathering under the left wing.We finished our day after sitting around the HOU departures area waiting for a suitable replacement aircraft, ferrying the aircraft to Tulsa (TUL), and returning home to Dallas (DAL) with three passengers. As I sat in the back of the plane watching the scrolling landscape, future possibilities began unfolding for me. What would have happened had the pilots been unable to correct our errornous roll in time? Would I be alive or dead? Would I be in a hospital somewhere, not even able to communicate with my loved ones? What would they have felt, seeing our aircraft on the Six O'clock News upside down on the runway in Houston? That event would have sent out waves of consequences, each affecting the future in unforeseen ways.A year later, and I'm making a cake for my husband's birthday. June 17 will always be linked to the celebration of Curt's birth for me. In one instantaneous eyeblink, that all could have changed with grief and mourning forever etched on this day of the year. I can't take this for granted. 						 
					 						 Airport (1970) Starring Dean Martin, Jacqueline Bissett, and George KennedyAs with all book-to-screen adaptations in the late 1960's, the celluloid version of Arthur Hailey's Airport is groovy, hip, and chock full of cheese. My mother, a reservations clerk during TWA's Howard Hughes heyday, would never pass up a chance to catch the one and only Original Disaster Movie on the Tuesday night TV flick of the week. I would sit beside her, spellbound, and receive more of an education than I ever thought possible."Working for the airlines was just like that," she'd say, watching the final credits roll. "Except for that part about the bomb."At the time, I never really understood what she meant. As an elementary school connoisseur of disaster movies, the vital plot was the bomb being smuggled aboard a packed flight to Rome. I'd simply shrug and go play "explosive decompression" with my chairs lined up to resemble the coach section of a 707, screaming instructions to my stuffed animal passengers, each wearing a Dixie cup oxygen mask held in place by a stapled-on rubber band.As I grew older, successive viewings revealed the swinging post-Pill world of pre-AIDS sex, and I understood what my mother meant. It was all sugar-coated and buffed to a high gloss...the film is currently rated "G"...but it was there for anyone with a junior-high schoolyard education and an American Heritage dictionary to see. The airport manager was cheating on his wife with the airline agent. His wife was cheating on him. The airline pilot was cheating on his wife with any number of stewardesses. His wife knew and didn't care. I'm assuming my mother meant that working for the airlines was like that for other people; as far as I know I was conceived without any really original sin.The ways in which these various situations play out really date this movie; there is an unwanted pregnancy and abortion is mentioned as an option, but the word "abortion" is never uttered in the film. Divorce is discussed, but it seems to be an ugly, distasteful concept with genuine concern about the children coming from a "broken home." All the sleeping around is talked about in the most general terms like, "There's someone else" and "You've been bragging about your scrambled eggs. It's time I found out how good they really are." Everyone wondered why I sniggered at breakfast for years.In spite of the blatant omission of sexual phraseology, the movie follows the book with remarkable precision. All the major plot points, character names, and locations stay the same. What the movie does is take out all the painfully detailed prose about the inner workings of the airport and airlines with which Hailey padded his book and presents a tighter package to the audience. It's almost presented as two movies in one; the story of a harried airport manager trying to keep Lincoln Memorial open during a winter blizzard, and the story of an airplane in peril as a mad plot ensues to collect insurance money.The whole thing is one big tribute to Boeing, its 707 a featured player in the film. I don't recall the interior of any aircraft being quite that spacious; the coach cabin chairs look like Barcaloungers and the aisle is wide enough to accommodate a Volkswagen. As far as airline procedures and equipment goes, the whole thing stays true to life, even including genuine American Airlines Hostess Patty Paulson in the cast of stewardesses to consult on technical matters (she's the blonde).The movie boils down to the will-he-won't-he-can-we-catch-him-in-time mad bomber plot. The bomb does blow up, and to their credit the effects people put together the most accurate portrayal of rapid decompression seen on celluloid. Paper flies, Dean Martin is dragged down the aisle, and Jacqueline Bissett is hanging onto the galley curtains for dear life. The suction stops, and the masks drop down. The little bags all inflate, although real flight attendants will tell you that they won't. There's only a single fatality; the mad bomber gets blown up and sucked out of the aircraft when his dynamite goes off. Quite a difference when you consider the massing body counts of subsequent airline disaster films.The only cinematically important item from this movie is Helen Hayes' Oscar for best supporting actress. She played the little old lady stowaway. That's about as noteworthy as it gets, unless you count this as the movie that laid down the law for all other airline disaster flicks. Apart from the series of sequels (Airports '75, '77, and '79, respectively), movies such as Executive Decision, Passenger 57, and Turbulence all fall into that distinctive Airport mold.Considering all that's happened in the aviation industry recently, it's nice to trace those roots back to a time before terrorism, security, fuel costs, and hard times befell the airlines. Grab the wide-screen version of Airport on DVD, tip your seat back, put your tray table down, and toast the past with a miniature bottle of whiskey.						 
					 						 Damn, I should know better than to break the seal on a whole mess of Eighties memories. Swept up in the whole "Reagan's Dead" craze, I retrieved a few yearbooks, put I-Tunes in a massive New Wave/Power Ballad loop and had a bad trip down parachute pants lane. I am occasionally assaulted by dreams in which I end up back in junior high or high school with all the knowledge and experiences I have accumulated after my parole from the public education system. The whole experience terrifies me as I try desperately to explain that I don't belong; that I have already paid those dues and have the paper and the emotional scar tissue to prove it. I know people who play what-if. They live with the nagging doubts and the desire to change things and the if-only-I-hads. Why in the hell would I want to go back to that? What good would it possibly do? Sure, I could probably tell off the handful of dried-up excuses for educators that I, at that time, felt ruined my life over some science-project diorama or ten-page research paper or drum major tryouts; all of those seemingly all-consuming adolescent goals that, if not reached, presented an insurmountable obstacle of crushed hope.But what would that accomplish? At the time, nothing. What good would it do to piss off those who had your success and failure so squarely in the palms of their collective hands? Looking back, it was all pretty meaningless. I can recite, from memory, all of those fictional characters who held the post of Captain aboard the Enterprise. I can't, with any reliability, recall the thirteen original colonies of the United States; nor can I tell you the state bird of Florida, how to do that bizarre algebra thing where you rip an equation apart at the parenthesis, or the major exports of Canada (I'm assuming it's some variety of wheat, followed closely by that ham you see on pizza). At some point, my future somehow hinged on knowing these things, and somehow I managed to bluff my way through and came out the other side, none the worse for wear. But I'll be damned if I can tell anyone why I felt such concern over my success or failure at knowing such trivia.In any case, my trip to the past reaffirmed my choices in life. I am, for the most part, satisfied with what has transpired since. I closed those yearbooks with a chuckle at the hair and a mild curiosity as to who was gay and if they secretly found me attractive at the time. The past is securely the past, and that's the way it should be. Let the historians worry about it. I'm more interested in what's up around the corner. 						 
					 						 I first started keeping a journal in 1986, during the second Reagan administration. Eighteen years later, Reagan's dead, and CNN is chock full of photos and tributes. I drove to work this morning, wondering why flags were at half-mast. Not that I bear any specific grudge against the Gipper; he was the only president I know of that could have gotten away with joking about starting WWIII on national television. However, this was a president who wouldn't even utter the word "AIDS" during the height of the crisis. A president who ran up the nation debt and lorded our nuclear arsenal over our enemies. I remember going to bed worried about nuclear fallout and hoping that Lubbock was far enough away from Dallas to survive the blast.Lord knows that in this day and age, any criticism of our leaders is looked upon as anti-American. Not that John Hinkley Jr. had the right idea...but as presidents go, his track record on the HUMAN issues left a little be desired. He has a library and an airport. Put his face on some currency and let it be. 						 
					 						 I remember my mother singing "Bill Grogan's Goat" to me when I was a child, probably wierded out of my skull from a fever or an ear infection. Vomiting goats, trussed up for execution underneath the wheels of a speeding locomotive. No wonder I am who I am today. 						 
					 						 It's summer. Cloying is the operative adjective to describe that zone between July 1st and September 31st. Suffocating. Killing. These are crazy times of year; crazy things happen and logic tends to be out doing laundry just when you need a rational anchor for your dingy. Heat increases entropy. Too much energy going into a system, and poof! It tends to explode. Like tempers. Like wars. Like love gone bad. Like similies that go nowhere. "It's too darn hot," said Cole Porter. "Darn tootin'," I reply, and buy him another drink. 						 
					 						 Saturday night promise is in the air, as thick as club-smoke. Promises that drive us to do the things we do. It's shaped judegement and decision for decades. It's what everyone looks forward to and what everyone regrets. It fills a social niche like no other night. Magic and nightmare both. Social order is hanging by a thread like a cheap button. I hear the words "normal love" spoken in conversation. Ya know, I'm not even sure I can comment on that. Is there such a creature? Should I attempt to define "normal?" Maybe I should just laugh like a loony, jump up on my jittery table, and dump my Americano over my punkin' haid. Yee-haw. 						 
 urlLink Priscilla, Tiff, Brit, and me after a soccer game last year 
 urlLinkJon trying to model
 urlLinkKatie and me at Homecoming game
 urlLinkRyan and me!
 urlLinkMy cute "little" brother, Jon and me (kinda blury)
 urlLinkMy mommy and me before Prom!
 urlLinkMe and Tiff--Florida Spring Break '02
Just got back from the lake with my brother and Matt.&nbsp; We went to the lake at like 10 last night and ended up tubing while it was pitch black...Okay, so maybe that wasn't such a good idea, but it sure as hell was fun...And of course it just had to rain all night, so while we were on the boat, we were freezing our asses off.&nbsp; So, we set up our tent near some camp thingy and eat this huge bowl full of soupy stuff...Yeah, and Dan's water thing spilled sometime while we were on the boat, and we get up at like 4 and take the boat back to the marina so we can get to the "Rover" so we can find a gas station.&nbsp; It turns out that we turned the wrong way and thought that we were locked IN the camp--which is ridiculous--but anyways, so we go the nasty bathrooms they have because maybe they might have water fountains...THEY DO!...But....the damn water fountains don't have water!&nbsp;So we take the boat all the way back to our campsite and go back to sleep...We woke up around 12 and decided to take the boat out tubing before I had to leave because of work...So right now, the guys are screwing around and being the crazy guys that they are while I am getting ready for work...Awesome 
Nick called me Friday night and my phone was turned off.&nbsp; He left me a message, but his number didn't show up on my caller ID.&nbsp; I finally got his number and gave him a call today, but he's working right now...Maybe we'll do something later on tonight.&nbsp; I&nbsp;never did anything with Ryan because of work, but I'm not sure if&nbsp;I want to anymore, I mean I barely know him and I don't know how fun he is or whatever.&nbsp; I know with Nick I'll have fun though (he's so hilarious!).&nbsp; The one thing I like about&nbsp;him is that he smells really good...haha. Yeah I hate it when guys&nbsp;practically pour their cologne all over their bodies, and then the scent just overwhelms&nbsp;you so much that you can't even think, and you're&nbsp;choking and gasping for&nbsp;a breath of fresh air....Well, that's not&nbsp;Nick's case.&nbsp; He wears&nbsp;just the right amount and it smells really really good.&nbsp;&nbsp;He's so&nbsp;tall&nbsp;though.&nbsp; I am already short,&nbsp;but he honestly&nbsp;has to be like a foot taller than I am.&nbsp; Well, it'll be interesting to see how all this turns out.&nbsp; He seems like a really nice guy though...Just hope that I don't get tired of him...Which I doubt!
I met Nick last night for the first time.&nbsp; He was cute,&nbsp;and he had a great personality (plus he has an awesome Jeep...JK).&nbsp; He supposedly already has my number and s/n so hopefully I'll be hearing from him again pretty soon! This morning I had to take my brother to work because something was wrong with his Land Rover, but he's finally supposed to be getting it back today.&nbsp; It's&nbsp;weird because I felt like I was his mom whenever I would have to take him places.&nbsp; Yeah what really sucks though is that I have to work tonight.&nbsp; I was supposed to be off and I had a date planned and everything.&nbsp; Have I mentioned that I hate my job? Because I really do.&nbsp; It sucks a huge one.&nbsp;A couple days ago my dad and I were talking about whether I should trade in the Tahoe for something else...He wants me to get one of those new Land Rover things...Like Freelander or something (I don't even know what they look like).&nbsp; But I really do like those new Range Rovers (haha, yeah right).&nbsp; I actually want a pink one.&nbsp; I'm listening to Dashboard Confessional--Ghost of a Good Thing.&nbsp; I like them, but after awhile, all their music sounds pretty much the same.&nbsp; If you're in a shitty mood, it's good music,&nbsp;but I'm in a happy mood so I think I will turn it off and&nbsp;blast some Britney! 
So last night at work wasn't too bad.We weren't busy at all because of all the rain we've been having so it was nice just being able to stand around eating peanuts and knowing that you're getting paid for doing nothing. Tiff stayed at my house and we watched a few movies.One of them was Thirteen.That is one messed up movie.It's about 2 thirteen yr. old girls who do drugs and drink and have sex...Yeah and the ending sucks! Well, I don't have any plans until tonight and Tiff is baby-sitting all day long. Maybe I'll give Brett a call...
Last night after work I met Tiff, Jess, and Abby at Sonic. They had just come from practice. Apparently our team won't be very good this year.I had a feeling that we wouldn't have very strong players, and the fact that Manny won't be coaching us this year isn't gonna help at all. Oh well, I guess I will just have to make the best of my senior season and just concentrate on getting my name out there for college coaches. Well, tonight I have to work again.I absolutely HATE my job! I thought I was getting paid yesterday, but it turns out that since I am "new" I don't get paid till next week! UUUGHHH!!! I'm really annoyed today about everything.This morning I had to get up at 9 to go work out with Becky.I was pretty much falling asleep while I was doing my thing.And while I was doing--what seemed like--50 billion pounds on the leg press, Carlos (stupid-ass gay faggot who always has to put his fuck ass two cents in) was telling me that I wasn't doing it right, and that I was bending my knees too much, and how it should be easy for me because I was doing it wrong, when in reality, I was doing it just fucking FINE! AAhhhh...anyways...So I slammed down the weights and gave Jess a turn. But thank goodness that I am off of work tomorrow, and I don't have to work out either!We have practice again, and I am actually excited about that because I get to see how our team plays...And I have a date after that (well after I shower of course).You know, come to think of it...I have a date with another guy on Friday too. Man, I'll be busy...You know, I actually don't really want to have a boyfriend right now...It's just fun hanging out. 
Today I'm planning on walking/lying around all day in my PJs before I have to go into work at 5.I've been working at Logan's Roadhouse for like 2 weeks now. I remember the first day that I started working: five minutes into the job I was already bored out of my mind.It's the same crap over and over again. (1)You say "hello" to the costumers,(2) you ask them how many people they have and what their "smoking preference is", AND FINALLY,(3)you seat them. I complain now, but I don't think I'll be complaining once I pick up my first check.I get $7.50 an hour just for completing those 3 simple steps for hours upon hours. Not Bad, Eh? But while I was talking to Landry yesterday, I realized why I get paid so much for such a simple job.Dirty, old, and many times drunk men walk in and act like the hostesses are there for their perverted enjoyment.While these crusty preverts are dreaming of taking us home, we have to stand there and take it.If we go off on any of these men while they are grabbing our asses or pulling us closer into their stench infested bodies, we could get fired. Now, that's the part that sucks.Okay, maybe that's a little exaggerated,and thank God it's lasts for only seconds (although it feels like a lifetime).But after summer, I will probably quit and I'll be able to work for my dad, where any old men that hit on me there will be fired! It's nice how those roles can be switched...
Yes, today I quit work! No more Logan's!!! Sure, I won't have that much money, but working sure as hell sucked ass. Summer is just about over for me.. :( I would have to say that this summer has been THE best summer ever. I really don't know why it has been great because nothing special has happened... I'm sad, but I don't mind starting school because it's my senior year! I had a pretty shitty year last year, so it's only fair for me to have an awesome time while I'm a senior, right? So about that Nick boy...Well, we just didn't have that "connection", so I called him last night and told him what was up. I felt bad because he's a really sweet guy and I didn't want to hurt his feelings, but he seems okay with it. So it's all good. Then there's Stuart. Now there's a funny kid. He goes to the same school as Nick and is even sorta friends with him. But that doesn't matter now does it? I think I'm starting to like him. The other night we talked till like 5 a.m., and I'm not even exaggerating... So we'll see how that goes... 
mmm, yeah, I thought about a simple way of changing your IP... :D Ah well, let's just hope one votewillmake a difference!Hmmm, I don't really know 'bout the cause of the sleep disorder, could be a number of things. See, I've been and still am deprived ofnormalsleeping habit, maybe because I always want to do something ELSE instead of just sleep and let time pass by, maybe there's too much thought passing through my mind, or maybe I'm just still young and don't want to 'waste' my time on sleep... But when I do get into the state of sleep, I can stay in it for a fuckin' long time! :/ I guess it all depends on how you've accustomed you mind and body, changing that is a long process... and no, pills are never an answer, just try relaxing and feelin' good!
 think I can reset my IP... it requires changing router configs.. I'd rather not fuck with that.. :) On the note of sleep.. I'm very sleep deprived the past 2-3 weeks.. It's wierd I'm really tired and I goto lay down and I'm suddenly not tired.. Anyone know what's up?Just OD on sleeping pills? Sounds like a winner! 
am... Damn, I still can't get my sorry ass to sleep...Well guys, I've been to the Casino today (again); made some money, just 'bout enough to spend it on a few drinks with my best friend. We had one of those "love hurts and life's a bitch" conversations, but I'm guessin' everything turned out oK in the end. :) He's having some "problems" with his (ex?)g/f, and he knows I'm always the one person he can turn to... and so he did... and so we talked for a couple of hours... and we are now so tired... :( Well anyway, I just hope everything turns out oK for them; it would be a shame to let all hope wander off in such an early relationship development.You must be wondering why I brought all this up... "is he frustrated, having problems with his own love-life...?". I'll give you a straight answer -NO ... ;) I'm happily in-love and intend to keep it that way! With this said, I'm sending a whole bunch of kisses to my sweety :***...oH, and btw., don't blame me for typing all of this, I tend to get lonely in the mornin'... ;)Have fun now!
adly, I have to inform people that I'm still a bit ill (or sick if you wish)... My left cheek is still swollen, but I feel oK. This weekend should give me enough time to recover myself. :D Not being at your job can really make you feel pathetic in a way, but then again you can enjoy things you couldn't if you were working. Things like saying all sorts of bullshit in a virtual place. LOL!Well anyway, I'm still on my first coffee today, so don'ttryto understand me, cuz that would really be impossible.
ou have, huh? o_O LMAO, well I voted over 40 times... ;)If you change your IP (which I'm sure you can't, or can you... ^_^) you can vote again...Glad to see you here m8, maybe it's time to change your nick, don't ya think? ;)
 voted for neica!! :)
0.3 of the website has been released, you can check it outurlLinkhere... nJoy! :)
ince some of you are lazy, I'll upload the greeting card I've made... ;) 
eah, life got a whole lot better after meeting you! :) :** babe, no one can compete with you ;)...anyway, for the rest of people out there, vote forneicaby clicking on the links under ":: links" to your left!
ou mean so much to me too hun :**
y tongue stretched out to all the masses who don't know what I'm talking about... It was ahappytongue gesture, just to show how much that "light" means to me... ;)
hanx sweety for this warm welcome :) but why ":p" after this line that I'm the light in your fire? :(
'd like to welcomeneicato this "evergrowing" bLog... :) ...for those who don't know it, she's the light in my life... :p
et me know if you're interested in posting in this Blog... E-Mail: two04@deltahash.com
 new greeting card has been posted onurlLink two04 , check it out.. ;)
eah, I know what you mean. But circumstances change by the minute and I'm (by chance) stuck with it and in it. Let me tell you, it's not a nice place to be, not a nice time to be in something like that. I'm very serious at the moment, regarding just about everything I come into contact with. Frankly, it scares me and I hope to snap out of it soon. I'm serious about my relationship (which I hope it booms over'n'over again), 'bout my work, my life in general. I know all this sounds strange coming from me, but there's nothing I can do about it, I just feel that way, it's a flow that cannot be stopped that easily.Then again, it's very hard to exactly define what's going through my mind, I just want to be taken seriously, maybe that's why I'm being serious... ...and I think that's a wrong approach, but I've tried everything possible to let people see what I'm all about. Those people are now gone from my life, just because I wanted it that way, 'cause I got tired of listening to all sorts of bullshit. I kept reminding myself that I should stop, and so I did.It doesn't matter, I got used to starting from scratch everytime something happened. I hope this is the last time I have to do something from the beginning.Take care now...
ou serious... please... How many times have I seen you serious.... not many. 
 blog :)
akes a bit more to satisfy my need for answers... ;) ...even more to take them seriously...
mm offended... Takes alot to offend me... 
onday, feels like Sunday. There was something 'bout this day that gave me the creeps, and now I'm all messed up trying to find a reason to all of that. Ah well, maybe I'll just turn off my brain this week for a while and let everything come to me, gently. :)Monday... I have to get back to work on Tuesday. Damn, and to think I was so relaxed whole this time. Seems like everything must have an end. And so it does.Tuesday, over Wednesday, Thursday and Friday... Just a lot of stress and fucked up situations, waste of time and energy reserved for happiness... When will people realize what life's all about, when will someone finally understand what it is I'm constantly all about?Saturday... I'm in bed, maybe with someone I love, maybe I'm happy, maybe I'm not thinking about anything, maybe I just know what it's all about!Sunday... Can you see me, feel me? Do you know me anymore, did you take the time needed to get to know me? No? ...I thought so...C'ya!
o, you were tellin' that to everyone who think they know me? ;) (did I get that right?)btw. Darky, I hope you didn't get offended... :)
ea I know that's what it meant, that's what I was saying!
hat the fuck did I do to deserve that?! :p If you pay close attention to my last words (my cousin's to be precise), you'll see that you're the one who should pay a visit to Hell, being so ignorant and not knowing me! :D ^... so much for the love between Stephen and me... LOL!Well anyway, I hope everyone spent Easter relaxed and in company of their loved ones, eventhough I didn't have the chance to spend it with my lovedone ... Nope, I'm definitely not counting my family as they tend to get on my nerves asking all sorts of retarded and boring questions... Now all of a sudden they give a damn 'bout how I'm doing in life... riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight...Honey, nei, I can't tell you how much I miss you! ...can't wait to see you soon! :*...oh, 2all, remind me to get a bumper-sticker, saying: "It wasn't me!" ;)
ou can goto Hell! :D
ome of you still think of me as a bad person 'bout what I've said here earlier 'bout the cat... You know what, I don't care, and you know why? - I think I won't waste any of my words, I'll just quote my cousin, dated back in 1993: I was here, but now I'm gone... I left this note to turn you on... Those who know me, know me well... Those who don't, can go to Hell! 
Sunday, Easter, 0100h... There I am, bored to death and stuffed with Easter ham, looking for some shit to do, things to demolish, stuff like that... :D Since I managed to suck out some money from my "dad", I decided to tank some fresh unleaded into my Trinity and make a cruise in a virtually deserted city of Zagreb. Puttin' some clothes on (being just in my underwear) I manage to drop my cigarette almost igniting my damn carpet... It now strikes me that I should've looked at the signs before undertaking the adventure of cruising. ;) Well anyway, I got into Trin, pushed a freshly burned AudioCD into my player, opened the sunroof and pressed the damn pedal with just three simple letters on it:G .. A .. S . Gettin' to the gas station took 'round 10 minutes at an average speed of 55mph, which isn't that bad considering there were still some idiots on the road. I got my petrol and headed out to annoy some people, as well as to look for cops to pull me over and ask me if I was drinking anything. :D Now why does this sound so weird to you? :p ...well, I don't recall the last time I was pulled over for ANY reason; since I got Trinity cops seem to ignore me, no matter how fast I drive. o_O oK, so I head out to Spansko (part of Zagreb) 'cause I know they're out there somewhere... *BINGO* - I spotted them, but they were stationed opposite of my direction. DAMN! ... Ah well, I decided to make a U turn after a couple of miles and scratch their balls a bit later. I got lost in time, didn't realize half an hour passed... "time to get those cops...", or so I thought... The blue fucks left by the time I got back! *grrr*I've listened the whole damn CD through and got bored, so I decided to go home to get some old coffee and prepare myself for nightmares I'm going to dream... So there I am, completely relaxed, both front windows down, smoking a cigarette, lookin' at some drunk women passing by lookin' completely stupid, when all of a sudden a FUCKIN' CAT comes running out of nowhere! oK, so she's after my Trinity's pussy or something, or she just wanted to check the tire's pressure. *boom, bang, miyauuuuuuuuuuuuuuu...* - the cat got busted! :D Now let me tell you, it wasLOUD ! "poor Trinity", I screamed; I had to pull over and take a look at potential damage done to her... I don't want to sound insensitive, but the cat asked for it; why the fuck did she have to run under a speeding car, with absolutely no damn chance of stopping and letting her highness cross the road?! ...and since there was a moron in a car behind me licking my car's ass, there was no fucking way I was to brake!I pulled over and took a look... oK, no major damage done, just some torn plastic and shit. *phew*. I strolled back to the "crime scene" to check everything out and found her dead, without any blood around, took a bag and pulled her off the road. I also took some pictures with my cell phone, but I'm not going to publish them.I think all of this proves how much I love cats! LMAO! ...but still, there's a philosophical approach to all of this, being Easter and all... I'll post those thoughts inurlLink voice from withinonce I get my thoughts organized....and that, my dears, concludes the story of my short cruise...Be good now, and stroke your kittens if you have any! ;)
... like the subject says ... I'm | sooo | connected! :)After all, it's so nice having a beautiful miss on the forum. ;)PuPu baby! :**
 don't mind.. *kiss_ya_all_over*
..I forgot to mention...Honey, I changed your member title toMiss Spring 2004on theurlLink BWp forum ; hope you don't mind! ;**
..so say I, a lot of useful and bullshit-ful things in conjunction with my endless charms... :p"all this night..."? Honey, you're logged ineverynight into that chatroom-I'm-not-allowed-to-mention, LOL! :DYeah, you're welcome for showing you in the brightest light there's known to (wo)man, and besides, I also like givin' Darky low punches... ;)THIS is WELL, everything is WELL, neica is WELL, which makes me WELL, but sad, never......yeah, Darky, buy a real-size car, neica will take her shirt off and that'll makemehappy! eheheheAs for the "taking" part; honey, we know you like taking only good stuff... take this: :*******************
o it is not weel, it's welland thish is thisand I realy don't know why did I type the word TAKING two times :o))))))))/me is blonde :D 
eel all thish night long i was logged in to my favourite chatroom as missica_neica and got lots of compliments from everyone hihihihhiEhehehe, Darky, keep on dreaming; it takes more than just a wish to see those beauties up close'n'personal... :p:**** for this one ^ babehey Darky if u can buy me one of this cars in real size we can talk about taking taking the shirt off :DD
.. NEICA ! :DYup, my dear won the miss contest, but we're all still a bit confused as to what the prize was... o_OYou can check out the official resultsurlLink here .:* to the new Miss Spring 2004!
..if she won. Seems to me like this poll will go on forever! *roll-eyes* I mean, it's nice to be with a beautiful girl and all, but what's too much is more than just enough. :D...as for the votes; who do you think gave her the most? ^_^Ehehehe, Darky, keep on dreaming; it takes more than just a wish to see those beauties up close'n'personal... :p
id neica win??? I just went there.. she still has the most votes... by quite a bit.. lolAlso is that her in the pics?? Why is she holding cars over her boobs? Just take the shirt off!! HAHA J/k
 feel a bit down... I would so much like for something or someone to pick me up, shake me 'til my bones start to hurt, make me come to my damn senses! --_-- I think a lot of stuff piled up in my mind, therefore these feelings... Bah, it'll all sort out soon, I just need some time with my own luck and happiness... (yeah, you know what I mean, don't you honey :))
eh, I'm fine I suppose... Was invited to the movies but no one ever called me and told me when so I'm just here. 
 like these new features of Blooger, I think it's time to play around with the template a bit...Anyway, how are y'all doin'?
welcome to an opening of the first blog to give a fresh, real look at the americas.the problems and promise of the western hemisphere. 
Should Spain Withdraw From Iraq?I think that's certainly up for debate with the Socialist victory in Spain.Of course, Zapatero comes in on a mandate to pull them out, and the Spanish public has never supported the deployment in any great numbers.What concerns me is the idea that to withdraw is to cave in to the desires of muderers.Should that be the message to terrorists, that killing innocent civiliansdoes make a difference? Washington Post:urlLink Spain Likely to Pull Troops From Iraq 
 urlLinkDon't fall for Washington's spin on HaitiJeffrey Sachs Wednesday, March 03, 2004 Jeffrey Sachs has an interesting take on Haiti.Did the Bush administration subvert democracy?
 currently up for discussion: From Foreign Policy, March/April 2004: urlLinkThe Hispanic ChallengeBy Samuel P. HuntingtonThe persistent inflow of Hispanic immigrants threatens to divide the United States into two peoples, two cultures, and two languages. Unlike past immigrant groups, Mexicans and other Latinos have not assimilated into mainstream U.S. culture, forming instead their own political and linguistic enclaves—from Los Angeles to Miami—and rejecting the Anglo-Protestant values that built the American dream. The United States ignores this challenge at its peril.
 urlLinkKerry Calls for Stronger Relationship with Latin America(I hate the idea of linking directly to a candidate's own propaganda, but, as usual with Latin America, coverage is lacking)Observers (like me) have been waiting for Kerry to provide a concrete outline of his Latin America policy.That can, more or less, be found urlLinkhere .What does it say, other than the usual blustery Kerry rhetoric?Well, for me the best part is that, out of a four page PDF, trade isn't even mentioned until page THREE.I'm not anti-free trade, but Bush's one-track focus on trade as his policy for the entire hemisphere has let too many problems develop into crisises (Bolivia, Argentina, and even Venezuela, in a sense).In fact, the very first area addressed ispromoting educational exchange .Not groundbreaking, but oh-so-important -- if he actually does triple the number of hemisphere educational exchanges and create a new program that gives foreign studentsfree tuitionin the US in exchange foroverseas internships for US students, we will begin to see benefits almost immediately.If Latin American students can come and study here -- I'm talking about lots of them, big numbers, and middle-class kids, not just elites -- and our students can go and do internships there, we would bring intra-hemispheric understanding to a whole new level.Ok, what else?There's lots on strengthening democracy -- both through the OAS and a "Social Investment and Development Fund."While he stresses support for "peaceful democratic opposition" he warns of the US getting too involved in internal politics (lessons learned from the Venezuelan "coup").I particularly like the "stay neutral in free elections" point, as Roger Noriega's comments scaring Salvadorans from voting for Handel and the FMLN in this year's elections reeked of our imperialist past.What's missing?No direct comments on the amnesty program for undocumented illegal immigrants, which I believe will come out in a future speech specifically on immigration.The trade talk is light and meaningless, as most of Kerry's discourse on the subject tends to be.If he really does believe in making labor and environmental agreements part of CAFTA and then even the full FTAA, he's pretty much saying they are nowhere near the top of his priority list.Ironically, some of the ideas he brings to the table here are just the sort of things that would work great with expanded trade in the hemisphere.Hopefully, Kerry's policy wonks are toiling away in their shops, trying to produce a truly progessive, forward-looking trade policy that will work in tandem with other great ideas he has proposed in this paper. 
The world needs us.Let's get some posts going. 
 urlLink Lourdes Heredia of BBC Mundohas a new article up on Kerry's Latin America policy. 
 Chavez and me The upcoming referendum on the rule of Hugo Chavez in Venezuela presents an interesting quandry for the progressive/liberal community in the United States, asurlLinkthis post from MyDD seems to show.I was disgusted when I saw it at first -- the final thought, "A victory for Chavez is a defeat for Bush," particularly upset me.The implication is that, as a card carrying member of the Anybody But Bush crowd, a good progressive should support the Chavez government in its attempts to win the election.I'm not going to go into the whole history of the recall effort, orurlLinkVenezuelan historyfor that matter, but clearly Venezuela is now a country so polarized that it makes the Bush/ABB divisions seem like a polite disagreement.Of course, the term "recall" immediately brings to mind California and the Gropernator.Add to that the Bush administration's (I'd say half-hearted) support of a 2002 businessman's coup that briefly overthrew the democratically elected Chavez, and progressive sympathies seem certainly warranted.However, Hugo Chavez is not a man worthy of anyone's sympathies.He finds himself in a difficult situation, his political life, and perhaps life in general, possibly nearing an end, but it is a situation that he has brought entirely upon himself.By relying so much on the masses of poor Venezuelans to maintain his tenous claim to legitimacy, he is injecting into the population critically high amounts of the poisoinous rhetoric of class warfare, which Latin America has seen for too many decades now, darkening the horizons of his country's once bright future.If you have seen Michael Moore's Farhenheight 9/11 you probably remember the opening scenes, those which centered on then Vice President Al Gore, in his role as President of the Senate, certifying the dubious electoral results that left him jobless (the first of many) and GWB the leader of a then free world.The audience is meant to think, "The horror!How could this be!How could he do this!He's ignoring the well-voiced opposition of the Congressional Black Caucus, who actually want to help him!"That scene, however, has for me a much more powerful message: despite extreme duress under which US democracy found itself, it held strong.The defeated candidate remained defeated, even when he certainly could've manipulated the democratic "rules of the game" to his benefit, to at least drag out the certification of the election and certainly to delegitimize his victorious opponent.For that, we are all better off -- the world's most influential democracy continued to function, and despite the destruction that Bush has caused, the higher ideals of the American Republic have remained, allowing us, this November, to see to it that our voices are heard and the country continues to move forward.This is not the case in Venezuela.Chavez will do anything he can to manipulate the courts, the congress, and the electorate, to further his "Bolivarian Revolution" -- a nice name given to a process which has resulted in the disenfranchisement of a huge portion of the population.My heart is a revolutionary heart, I think, and a term like that, combined with rhetoric about giving the poor access to food, jobs, healthcare, any kind of better life, certainly stirs me.In fact, when Chavez won the election in 1999, and then when he won the ensuing battle with the old congress, I was truly hopeful.But all he has brought to Venezuela is renewed class warfare, economic stagnation (the surging demand for oil, of which Venezuela is the US's third largest supplier, has mitigated it, at least statistically, a bit), and, above all, a very, very uncertain future.I think that the opposition to Chavez, a confusing, multifaceted blob of everything from corrupt oilmen to truly inspiring and principaled young leaders, has done a bad job at showing why they're the right choice for Venezuela.I don't want to endorse their cause by any means -- I'm not Venezuelan, I've never been there, and what I hear in New York is so filtered and processed I don't think I can base any real opinions on it.However, I can say, please don't tell me a vote for Chavez is a vote against Bush.Chavez may spew vitriol against Bush, but he probably will against Kerry too.He's throwing democracy out the window in favor of his one-party dictatorship-in-the-making.He encourages violence and suppresses independent thought.If he defeats the recall, he might just break the back of democracy in the country he professes to love so much. 
Ok. My first attempt at becoming a blogger. New words, new ideas, new programs on my computer!!In an attempt to learn how to "do it all" I'm uploading a photo of Gary and me taken... by Gary himself! Although it looks like we are schmasched - we are not yet there. At least, I'm not yet toasted because I'm learning all these wonderful new skills of bloggerdom.This is super cool! AND I hear Liz making more fun liqure drinks in the background. So I'm cutting this whole thing short.....
Today was a tough day of touring.How can taking a tour be tough you ask?Well, let me tell you.In the morning we all enjoyed being the tourists!!That was so much fun!4 hours of being on the receiving end of a tour.It was great!!We got to see everything, the bay bridge, Coit tower, the twin Peaks, the Chinese Pagoda, Pier 39 and all sorts of things!!Then this afternoon, we gave the tour back to ourselves.That was the funny part.We didn’t actually know when we would be up and we didn’t know where on the tour we would have to speak and most of us have not been to San Francisco…So it got interesting.I was chosen to go first.That turned out to be a blessing.I got to show off Union Square.And I got up there, nervous as I was, and starting pointing out what I was seeing.Now, as we all know, I talk more when I’m nervous – but Randy (the teacher) said that it came across as energy and that’s a good thing.That’s all good, but I was sitting up there trying to talk about everything I see out the window and I advertised the toilet sign off to the right of the bus.J Guess it’s important too.So here are the photos I’ve been promising.This first one is of my new friend Larra (like Sarah but with an L).We were standing in front of San Francisco Bay and this is the beautiful skyline. Here is me in front of the bay bridge… I hear you can loose your heart in San Francisco – Cupid’s arrow is huge around here… Here I am with 2 of my teachers Randy and Nicole in front of the bay area. Here am I with my new study buddies.Susi and Larra.We are standing in front of the Japanese tea garden.You had to pay to get in, so we’re just standing at the entrance. Here I am with Thora at Pier 39 down in Fisherman’s Warf. And here is my amazing shot for the day.This was taken out the front window of the bus, over Randy's head and around several telephone poles...The painted ladies of San Francisco And last but very not least, Alcatraz
Ug!This is my second attempt at posting...I lost the first one.So, Today was much better.We learned a ton of stuff.I had no idea that tour directing meant I could do so many different things!!Did you know I could tour direct for a bank!There is this new wave thing where banks are sending good customers out on these tours as a thank you to promote business.It's wild.And I have a ton of homework tonight.One thing is this long info packet on San Fran to read.The other was to route a map.It wasn't that the homework was tough - once you thought out of the box.They gave us a poor map to plan our route for tomorrow and it sucked.We spent a 1/2 an hour trying to figure out what to do when Susi found the consierge had a better map to use.What threw us is that they gave us a specific map and said to use that one.But we couldn't plot 1/2 the course!!But a good tour director thinks out of the box.Dang, I wish I could take credit for the second map...oh well.next time.I've gotten in with some smart people who are here to make a living at this profession.The others went out on a pub crawl.I'm sorry, I didn't spend gobs of money to get toasted every night.And although it took me longer to do the homework tonight (and I still have stuff to read) I know I'm going to be a better director then some others.Plus, as Larra pointed out this evening (again I didn't even think of this) Ted and Randy are also observing us for recommendations to other companies.They suggested we come 15 - 30 minutes early every morning.I thought (origionally and stupidly) that this is still school and I don't come late to work...so 10 - 15 is ok.Dang, I hatebeing wrong.Thank God it's only the second day and I can still make some good changes.I'll be there tomorrow morning 30 full minutes early - on the dot.Tomorrow we will be taking our own tour and getting up on the bus to speak as well.I'll be following along with my map!!But I'll take a ton of touristy photos tomorrow and post some in the evening- I promise Paul.
I’ve learned that Bill Wong makes some of the best Chinese food in San Francisco!!646 Washington Street is the home of Louie’s Restaurant.Bill is a huge fan of tour groups and of ITMI (my new school).We all got a round of free drinks – all 25 of us and a wonderfully huge dinner for 12.50 apiece.Ahhh…good food and plenty of people that can talk as much as I do.Can’t ask for anything better in life.So, how was the class itself you ask!?!Easy as pie today.We spent 3 hours talking about what we will be doing for the next 2 weeks and going over out schedule.(Yup, the same one that I’ve been carrying around and showing everyone for the last month)Then we spend an hour where we interviewed the person next to us and gave a one minute presentation of that person in front of class.That part was the second best part of the day!What was the first?I’m getting there….I got to interview my new roomie.Her name is Michelle and she’s from the Orlando FL area.She currently teaches sales people different techniques for selling Tupperware.But she’s very bubbly, very nice and I think we’ll get along just fine.She actually came here with her mom, which is quite cool.I’ve met a ton of people here who are so amazing!And we all have this passion for traveling and talking and it has been really nice talking to everyone.I can’t believe how well traveled some of these people really are!We have one woman from Poland, one guy from Italy, one guy from South Africa and another man who has been to 75 different countries and has boasted seeing 13 out of 17 different species of penguins.Ok, did anyone really know there were even 17 different kinds of penguins?!?!So, the best part of the day was right after class.Ted does this wine presentation for us and we had a wine and cheese party.He had about 10 or 12 bottles of wine.After explaining each one, he passed out a taste of each wine.It was wonderful.I met a girl – who is a true andbeautiful albino woman – who was allergic to the red grapes in the red wine.So she got me to explain the taste and smell of the wine.I felt like I enjoyed it so much more.Tomorrow I’ll bring my camera around.Today was just tiring with the traveling and the class and everything was a bit overwhelming….Tomorrow should be better for pictures.This is such a beautiful city!!The weather has been quite nice.A “heat wave” in the upper 70s! 
For those of you out there that belive I am sitting back, eating bon bons and enjoying boredom, I'd like you to know that I've been happily distroying rooms in my free time!Please take a look at this fine example of painting.It's kind of a love it or hate it design.I personally can see all of my mistakes so I won't comment on exactly how I feel about the cabinate... What this lovely pictures does not show, is the lovely drywall showing in the bathroom.Yup!Making the cabinates look old was only half the fun!I took everything off the walls and stripped the wallpaper too!It's been a fun week.Yesterday I had the opportunity to visit with my dear friend Fatma up in Prescott.I am so jelous she gets to live in this beautiful city!Not only do they have lovely weather (it was perfect yesterday, with just a tad bit of rain to make every bloom just burst)but they get cool craft fairs around their town center.Truely a great city.So Fatma and I enjoyed our time chatting and checking out the craft fair.Sheela is one lucky dog.She is staying there for the next 2 whole weeks on her own vacation.And there are 2 other dogs to play with.Life does not get better.Today I'm working on the packing process.Yes, I'm a nervous wreck since School starts tomorrow - but I'll try to keep that part to myself.Especially since I tend to babble as I get more and more nervous.:) 
Here are my promised pictures!!All my stuff sitting outside of the pod... A sample of Liz's awesome packing skills.... Liz also packed my car - floor to ceiling... from the back window... The dog's space for the ride... I stayed in Gallup and really enjoyed the mountain view in the morning... Here is Louie the Lumberjack at NAU!!We rub him for luck too.Not as cool as Liz's hippo, but handsome none the less!!! Last but not least....A shot of NAU's beautification program...A great campus!! sigh.
I did take lots of pretty photos today.I took the promised photo of my stuffed car.I took a photo of Louie the Lumberjack to compare to Liz's hippo (although that was a better story) and a few of the campus where I have fond memories of college.Now with that in mind, I'm pleading with everyone (Liz) who helped me pack and move - WHERE OH WHERE did we pack the cable that hooks my memory card into the computer!?!?It was purple...Anyone seen it?Do I have a chance of finding it somewhere in AZ?Or am I better off buying a new one... :(A HUGE thank you to Paul who chattered with me until the wee hours last night so I could get into Gallup.(I took a picture of the mountains in Gallup too!)It was a pleasant and easy 5 hour drive with a nice long stop at NAU bookstore so I could buy things. Sheela and I wandered the campus, where they are adding fountains and things to beautify the place.I showed her the student union and my favorite building - the language arts bldg.I spent many hours there!!I think she was most impressed with the little waterfall thingy.(She could have been just thirsty though)Phoenix is hot.My sweet brother, who bought me dinner tonight, informed me that since we've had some rain the weather has been quite "cool" at 100 degrees.And I have 5 days to acclimate myself to this "cool" weather before I jet off to "summer warmed" San Francisco with highs of 60 degrees.I swear this country is backwards.The fish are settled by the sink - I'm thinking its prime Real Estate for them.Sheela is enjoying the Sun City grass and the many, many, many rabbits that live here.She had a good run chasing several of them before I caught her again!But hey, I waited a few minutes first before calling.She really needed the run!Tomorrow I'm re-arranging my room.It has 2 dressers, 2 tables, 1 bed, 1 very large (and full) cedar trunk and 1 very full, packed to the gills, closet.This, folks, is my new room.My parents were kind enough to say they were coming home in September to help me re-arrange it all, instead of October.I'm thinking it sounds like a good project for tomorrow so I can finally finish emptying out my car.I know, a strange goal.I did bring all those clothes.I should at least attempt putting them in the same room as I sleep in.Mom generously offered me the other closet.I'm thinking that I don't really want to wander in their room looking for clothing...At least, not after they get here.Gee, Phili is looking good.Now all I have to do is learn how to spell the full name and I can officially move there.(Dallas was much easier to spell)Ok, I'm on way too late tonight and am starting to make bad jokes.Please let me know if you've seen my poor memory cord...it's lost.Also, since AZ is so odd with their time zones - we are currently on Pacific time and therefore I am 2 whole hours behind Dallas - please feel free to call me on the land line at any time.The number is 623-780-0242.Well, you can call anytime, but I may not answer at 3 am (or even 7 am, Mom)I have no idea who is on the answering machine, but you can leave me a message.I can retrieve it.
Well, I haven’t had the opportunity to log on and update my blog much this week.Needless to say packing simply isn’t that exciting and I didn’t feel the need to share what a long week of living in boxes it was.I pretty much finished packing on Friday.That is, I worked my rear end off all day packing and by the time Liz came to rescue me at 8 pm, I was really ready for that last burst of energy and lots of help she provided.Thinking of everything, sweet Liz came early Saturday morning with Chick fil a for breakfast for everyone.Never had it before, but YUM!The funny part was that I was laying in bed thinking I had plenty of time before everyone showed up Saturday morning, when a nock on my door sent me scurrying for my robe!NOT Liz!!!It was Door-to-Door delivering early.What a great service!I must say, I was really impressed with the pods and with the delivery guy and the follow up service.I definitely recommend them.Again, due to Liz’s excellent thinking, everyone showed up early in the morning to pack the pods.We were totally packed by noon.It was perfect weather in the morning, humid, but cooler to pack and a really nice breeze.So I decided I wanted to completely finish up the apartment and not have to go back on Sunday.So Gary cleaned (thanks ever so much) and Liz packed my car (and got everything amazingly in there) and I ran around packing this, moving that and picking up the last bit of everything.Poor Liz and Gary went home with a ton of stuff out of my fridge.After a nice long nap, I was feeling human again (if not a bit stiff).Gary and I went out to dinner in Frisco to Randy White’s BBQ – the best BBQ brisket in the DFW area – and actually got to meet and shake hands with Randy White!!It was very exciting!Sunday went by so fast – it was quite the blur.Breakfast at Krispy Kreme, went back to my apartment to load the fish (packed in a cooler) and plants into my car, then a nice visit with Kelly O’Neil (a friend from church) and then off to the movies and my going away party.One tiny hitch.I talked too long with Kelly and thinking that the plants would be fine in our nice Sunday weather, I didn’t bother leaving until it was too late.It was then I realized I could not leave my poor FISH in the car!!So what do I do?!?!I simply plan on explaining that these were my Seeing Eye fish and I simply couldn’t watch the movie without them.If this logical reason wouldn’t work, I would resort to the truth.This was their weekly field trip and they were dying to watch a movie with me.The beauty of this whole situation is that NO ONE in the entire movie theater stopped me and asked me what was in the cooler.I could have had beer….The guys were extremely jealous.They claimed they couldn’t get in with a coke!I explained to them about the boob factor.Obviously they work well.:)After seeing Collateral – a great movie even if Tom Cruse had a Richard Gere haircut – we went to Maggianos (again bringing those great party animals, the fish)And AGAIN, no one even questioned me why I was carrying a cooler through a fancy restaurant.I did have my excuse ready.I am homeless now and I find it easier to pack any leftovers straight into my personal cooler for convenience sake.But sadly I didn’t have to use that excuse either.Then God smiled on me again.Gary asked me if I had finished securing down the 3rd pod.No, was I suppose to?What’s in it?The last leaf to my dinning room table.Shoot.Where am I suppose to find a blanket to wrap that in at the 9th hour?!?What’s that?Debbie has a spare blanket in the trunk of her car that she’s been trying to get rid of.Sure I can have it!!How lucky can I be!!!!Thanks Debbie!Liz made me 2 very nice gifts for the party.I got a picture frame with 3 different photos of us in it that I will be hanging up on my wall right away.I also got a stack of new CDs that have really helped pass the time in the car today!!Thanks so much Liz!!I made it until after dinner last night before Iburst into tears.Much longer then anyone had anticipated (although I don’t know if anyone was taking bets or not….I left this morning from Dallas around 9:30.I made it to Gallup now to sleep – it’s 11 pm Dallas time, but only 10 local.Sheela’s loving the hotel room.She chewed on her foot while enjoying the bed and now she’s luxuriating by spreading herself out over the floor.Because she can.She’s done really well in the car.She travels so nicely.But this obsession of only peeing on grass is tough in New Mexico.They can’t even grow trees around here much less grass!!Thank God for Sun City grass.She’d be hosed.The fish did fine too.No complaining from that quarter.I’m hoping to be in Phoenix early afternoon to unpack some of my car and have a fine dinner with my dear brother after he gets off of work.I have something to look forward to!!!I’ll try to be better and post more frequently so I’m not getting this long weekend formats.I know I’ve also bragged to many about the outlook of my packed car.I promise to take a picture of how full it is before I unpack it!
Not a whole lot new to add here these days.Packing sucks and I'm not cracking to it like I should...Instead, I've chosen to take the time (a whopping 3 hours) to sit in the beauty salon and see if improvement can be made.So, here's my new do.I took the picture by myself, so please understand the odd angle of me.But the cool thing is, if you stand in front of the mirror, you can see the screen on the back of the digital to get yourself lined up in the shot nicely!!I'm so clever!! It only took me 45 minutes to figure out how to scale this picture down so it was postable size.Please everyone, take a minute to appreciate it!! 
First, I would like to thank everyone involved to make this the most perfect weekend!!Liz - my social coordinator and best friend.I'm going to miss having someone simply tell me where to go to have a great time.Friday night, drinks and a home cooked dinner.Saturday night she arranged 4 day weekend in Fort Worth and dinner before hand with a great group of people!And tonight was Paula Poundstone at the Improv.What a great weekend.And then there is Paul.Normally, (without all the professional comedians) Paul is our constant comic relief.Here's a pic of Liz and Paul that turned out very nicely. Last but very not least - as my personal escort for this weekend, I had the most perfect gentleman accompany me to all these wonderful events!!!I have to say that he made this weekend one of the very best ever!!So, I'm posting our picture so that everyone out there can see what the perfect man looks like...(I'm trying not to gush) Needless to say, this has been an action packed weekend.Gary and I also saw the movie "the village".I can't tell you anything about it or it will ruin the movie.I will say it had a good twist and I did enjoy it a lot.I will end by saying this was an excellent weekend, which I will remember for a long time to come.Thanks everyone!! 
hIhI pEePs!!! yesterdae was a slack dae. couldnt go church cos mi bro packing his luggage and im so happi to announce that he will be gone for about 7 plus daes in yangzhou, somewhere in china, and the internet will be all mine....muahahahaha.....three cheers and three cheers....aniwae back to subject matter, after tt went to lucky plaza to change currency for bro then went far east to check out the spectacle shop. den mi bro went home and mi and mum went to citylink mall where she decided to buy the panasonic x90 den went mph to spend mi 15 bucks book prize plus another 20 percent off.hehehe. ended up buy the Lord of The Rings Trilogy.den had to go esplanade for mAhLeR'S sYmPhOnY oF a ThOuSaNd.... it was masterfully executed by the sso and the various choir about 500plus performers in all. and the music was brilliant, awesome,fabulous and one of no kind..heheehhe..lame... but all the same, it is one of the best performance i ever went to. was on the bus home when mi mum called to sae she still at citylink mall so i had to double back..haiX..she ended up buying lots of soap and shampoo which we had to practically drag it home... but aniwae, went to nooch thenoodle bar for dinner... yes i mean dinner cos i spent alot of time at mph, no time to eat so therefore had to eat after the concert. wah... reach home at about 12 plus den use the comp until bout threee den slp lar... somemore todae have to go to prebyterian high for the writing workshop thingie at 8 oclock... now super shag man.aniwae i gonna go get some shut eye so long pEePs.... bUAiZZZZZzzzzzZZZZZ.......lALalAlAnD..... 
mOrNiNg pEePs!!! yesterdae after skool, i went to mgs for a fund raising piano concert,it was quite a rush cos it started at 2 30 while school ended at 2. Even though i dozed of, i think that abigail sin's piano teacher sure is good. but he has a veri active head and moves non=stop while playing the piano.lol. aniwae went to violin lesson after that.HaIx. screwed up or i thinks the teacher bad mood larX.nvm. then decided that im too bored so i went j8 to catch the dae after tomolo. tis show is nice and it is horrifying, terrifying, electrifying and most of all it is quite touching...almost teared..hehehe...reached home at about 10plus and shag out immediately man. three daes without proper slp makes me darn woozy so i couldnt help it. aniwae, todaes the last dae of skool which is good news and bad news. dun care to repeat mi self but it realli sucks man. i dunno wat i want, school or no school. haIx im iN a reaL spOT. aniwae pEePS GTg sChoOL nOw.....sO LonG>>>>>>bUaIx 
yo peeps... todae was a tired one, i had been slpin at 2 plus in the morning for two continuous daeZ liao. but all the same, had a wonderful time in sch todae, our english teacher showed us a movie 'a few good men'. quite touching though there were some farnie part but it teaches us sth about conscience,loyalty,trust and most of all compassion.aniwae, went to training todae and as expected, i was shag beyond measure, haiX the worse thing was that my coach wasnt even there, which proves that my condition is realli realli deplorable. haiX. wat to do, now a daes, it is the cert that count most... so studies come first though it realli sucks.hehehehe.aniwae i am so glad tt this hols will be a bz one, if not i realli will die of boredom. haiX but sadly, i will definitely miss lotsa ppl in sch.aniwae pEePs... gtg play now and have fun during the hols... miss ya....bUaIx 
yoX pPL!!! at last i did something meaningful todae.after church went strolling along the whole stretch of orchard road den mi and mi fren window shop at Plaza Singapura. after that i had to split up with him cos i had to go esplanade. though there were two tix, one was wasted cos no one to go with, though i had already tried to ask her out, seems she was bz. and the tix was 27 bucks lor but gotit free lar heex. someone frm church gavit to mi. aniwae looking forward to next weeks mahler's symphony of a thousand. wah mus be damn good lar all the tix all sold out.nownow, i'm realli pissed at mi results but seriously i shld jus blame miself. damn just a bit more determination but i jus cant resist the internet man. haiZ, my mum shld have grounded mi b4 and during the exams den mi results could be betta. wallowing in regrets. but studying realli bores mi. wat to do, life's like dat. haIZ.aniwae pEePs i have ta sign off now... cos i'm bz chatting... heEx nItEx pEePs....ZZZZzzzzzzZZZZ 
yOyO pEePs!! got back my results over the last two daes. i'm resigned to my sad state.haiX. my L1R5 definitely shooting up to 30 plus liao lorZ.failed chinese and maths and surprisingly, my chinese got higher than both my maths. at the least, i still have an a1 for mi lit but was not to be for my english cos of the screwed up summary. aniwae, got hold of the internet pswd when mi bro gave mi hish fren's internet pswd. salvation man at last got to use the internet after 30 plus hrs. pUrE tOrTuRe manX.haiX, gonna play MU latta, but walauX, tomolo still gotta go sch for some supplementary thingie hab ta slp early. the daes are practically crawling by man. realli realli BORED... cooped up at home plus no internet= to death becoZ of boredom.aniwae, i goin play MU, so cYa rOuNd pEePs aNd tAkE cArE.... 
yOx peEPs!! todae was mediocre. the lit paper 2 was a mid-killer especially the analytical questions and worse of all, the paper was upon 50 0_0 wat the hell! mebbe i will jus scrape lar but realli shitty cos if i dun score in the subjects i quite good in, den mi overall will be like borderline pass.it is begining to get quite scary knowing that my o's are jus round the corner... frightening even. haiX. i'm realli am lost.realli deep in LalA lAnD.aniwae afta that, me, tok and shem went to leo house,played a bit of soccer, unfortunately i kicked the ball into leo's neighbour hse but fortunately nth was broken. den afta tt, we went into his semi-d (or issit a bungalow?) to play ps2 which i realli suck at cos i lose to everione in soccer bball and wwe. den afta tt went to eat at nearby hawker centre. den i had a shock it was like 4 plus liao lar.luckily mi mum working so she did not find out tt i went out for about 6hrs or so.bleaghX. i realli wanna go back to school but i oso want da hols. realli mixed up larX.but i noe one thing i'm rusting awae and another thing is im lost in the vortex of lUrV3. aniwae pEePs iTs late so i gotta go now. gud nite.buaiX... 
yOz pEePs!!! did not update this blog for quite a spell liao. reason being i'm grounded from using the internet cos mi mum got a shock afta browsing thru the electricity bill due to me switching on the comp frm afternoon till morning 1 plus am( the jump was like frm 50 bucks to 120+ bucks, anione would be shock hehehe).actualli, i was trying to catch hueva i'm catching online and chat, now i'm suffering but i tink it was worthy[ or mebbe not :=( ] cUz now i can hardly come online. missed the chatting manZ. but i realli can't bring myself around to ask, wat the hell, it's so darn frustrating. haiZ, realli resigned to fate.aniwae, the lit paper on fridae was quite easy, xcluding the fact that i did not have time to finish it too.heeX, i was aiming high for about 20 to 22but i guess that's out ó question now that i realized i missed out quite a big chunk of important stuff at the last question but i was realli StArVeD for time.hAiX. aniwae i guess i will be going back for training next week and u can't guess how happi i am at the thought of training during the school hols, i am already so so so bored rusting at home at this point of time, it would be even worse during the school holidaes loRZ. plus i need to catch up with a lotta stuff i put on hold during the exam period. at the same time, i'm realli glad that exams' are over and the relaxation period is coming though i've mixed feelings boutit. bleaghX, lets hope june hols will turn out better den i tot it would. lets juZ hope........suppose to go church todae but me mUmX ish darn sick lar, migraine and all the usual stuff so i gotta stay at home to take care of her, while my bro ish enjoying his freedom(jealousy hEeX). but i realli have to thank him for giving his fren's internet pswd if not i would not be able to produce this kinda long blog.kZZ pEEpS... think i sign off now... i wanna go play gunbound....which i haven touch for like daeZZZZZ... bUaIX.... mIsS aLl u PpL... cHeErIoS ;PpP 
hIhI!! pEePs!! wat a relief, all major exams over liao left lit onli, quite minor hehehe, aniwae todaes history paper was as usual starved for time. even though i studied onli about 20 pages or so of the textbook and the fact that i couldn't complete the structured essay question, i believe that i might scrape. luckily, i happen to glance thru the chapter on one of the question we were suppose to choose. so far, all the exams tt have past are quite ok if u bother to study lar but if u dun study still can scrape lorZ.budden some schools are so darn lucky they dun even have mid-yr but the pupils are complaining that the school system is warped. wat madness. imagine not having mid-yr. how mani brain cells could we save from death? and i cannot believe it lorZ, we go sch for 45 mins for one paper onli den hab to go another dae for the second part of the paper while the rest of the sec three slack at home. now this den ish called warped.aniwae, i am and am notlooking fo'ard to the June holidays. glad that i can relax and pick up where i left off my training but unhappy simply becos i will be dead bored and most of all,not being able to see moi frens esp some/a special ppl/person;-(oKiEs pEePs, gOtTa gO sLeEp nOw, sO lOnG sWeEt dReAmS eVeRIoNe!!!nItEzzZZZZZzzzzzzzz:::
tOdae was crap, though im confident of getting 30+ for Amaths that means i will still fail. haIz i'm realli beginning to get sick of studies. i mean wats the point man, u study and mug ur life out jus to get a lousy cert? u could that doin lots of other things like sports, or camping, or even hiking. i realli find that i'm simply rusting in school haiZ. and somemore, i've not been training for like more than one months, go back sure kana torture like mad one lorZ..aniwae i find the chemistry paper quite easy for those hu had studied but sadly i jus read thru a few pages if that is counted as sTuDyInG.lolX. haiZ currently slackin lar.actualli want to study for history one but afta a few pages i gave up. i'm realli realli realli SICK. its so meaningless man. mugging ur lItTlE bRaInS oFf. i jus wanna live life to the fullest lorZ. aniwae this has been quite a fruitful year for me. at least i had went to 2 camps but definitely wanting more.haIz guess i had better stop blogging man, even though its sick, i have to do it coZ there's still a few ppl called parents arnd and if i do badly, hell will come knocking on mY dOoRs and at the same time, the guilt will be too overwhelming haiZ, i'm beggining to get super long winded haiZ. kKzz buaIX ppL.hAvE fUn mUgGiNg 
hIz pEePs, ssuppose to be studying history now but i still a bit blur headed lor. i recently jus found this downloading platform quite a big base of users and downloading quite fast lar.have to dl and install one horZ. aniwae the whole of last nite was spent playing gunbound haiZ. so now is payback time lar. but i realli realli bored beyond measures.oso damn tired. hhmmmXXX jus to recap, last sundae concert at esplanade with hallelujah oratorio was awesome, the songs were brilliant and the music was definitely one of a kind lorZ. haiZ. how i wish i could jus have two things in my life, the great outdoors and of course, my music. toking about da outdoors, i still cannot forget obs. that camp positively rocks like nobodies business lar. it is the best camp i have went at least up to this point of time. hoping and waiting that i will have a chance to go to da 21daes one.da june hols are just round da corner. yay!!!.but it is so darn ironic lor. when theres a long holiday like one month or sth, i will be at home wishing i was in school cos the days seems to crawl, but when i'm in school, i realli wish i can have a short break from it all. but for now more mUgGiNg is fOrEcAsT sO i tink i bettar zhao to continue my mUgGiNg. sO lOnG pEePs:::: cHeErIoS 
hi peeps, todaes's game lose de hen bu shuang lor. firstly the referee was super bias towards us, one of the goal we scored was refuted by him, we were like wanted to scold him inside out lor, but what to do, see us not happi. secondly, we had TWO national players to be damnit and THREE youth team members and some more got two swimmers and one is a freestlye champ....argghh lose de bu gan yuan leh. haix some more by two balls darnation. tomolo against safsa, tt one oso must give up hope liao larz sing armed force swimming assoc expected tobe lost....hehehe....sslacker man me....gonna sign off now, kind of nervous breakdown liao lol .... aniwaex buaiX 
yoyo peeps! so long nber blog liao, aniwaex todae got under 20 competition. i was so lack of stamina lor, like one month nver go train liao, by the end of the 2nd quater i was shag to death and although we played quite alright we got thrash 23-0. haiZ chinese swimming club is like the under 20 champs lor, and somemore all the players frm hwa chong jc waterpolo team, we knew we would be thrashed but it was one hell of an experience hehehehe.went to watch around the world in eighty daes on fridae. darn farnie man, laughing my head off through the whole movie lol. looking forward to home on the range, heard its another comedy, hahahahahah, laughing seems so easy so carefree......so coool. aniwaezzzzz i wanna go sleep now, so tired, tomolo against acsi 'a', definitely need all the strength i need......so longg peepzzzzZZZZZZZZ
hiX pEePs, just completed mi volunteer program at the birdpark, trainig the birds allowed me to realiZe something, some times it seems that i am like those birds, caged up and onli called up when needed....sometimes i realli feel that life realli sux or mebbe wat the things are in my life which suxs.aniwae, while we were walking around after the supervisor release us, me and leo met nichole and TYH....little did i noe that the next one hour plus would contain a helluva shock to me. it seemed that i onli noe the tip of the iceberg of the rumours and secrets tt had been circulating around. i am totally and fully freaked out, i dunno how i gonna go back to sch man...and now this shitto....argghhh aniwae, this shows that im a super anti-social man...hehehe aniwaes overall i think that the bridpark thing is an enriching experience for me... and i would not mind goin back to do it again...im such a slacker man, haven even touch me holidae hw, and mi novel is like waewaewaewaewaewaewae behind time... and now this thingie, haiZ, how i just hope i can go back in time and clear stuff up... argggghhhggghhhhaiZ aniwae peeps goin nowZ, o yar and mistiqe's idiosyncracies pls tell me hu choo are? thanks... buaiX peeps
yo!! juZ came back frm training, wah. yesterdae went to went to watch the count basie orchestra at esplanade. wow. this is jazzy outfit rawks. and the drummer ceased to amaze me man. his hand moved so fast it was a blur and the rythym was superb but overall,i think count basie deserved there 17 grammy awards and 2 grammy hall of fame title manX.aniwaex tomolo got bird park volunteer thingie at 830. so darned early. guess i'll be knocking off early tonight.heeX. haIx ive got this feeling that things are not alrite....rite juz things... hehehehe aniwae i goin soon so long PeEps tIll nExT tImE....nItE aNd bUaIx...
hiyOx!!! went to watch best bet yesterdae after training. wow. brilliant. the plot was quite twisty and super hilarious manX. laugh till i had a stitch up mi side. but if u wanna watch have to noe a bit of hokkien, jus a teeny bit to understand the joke cos the eng subtitles dun convey much. but i seriously give it a five star rating and i think it rawk most among all the jack neo movies.haiZ.. mi bro ish back man, jus went to pick him up to dae, walauX, reach home oreadi got commotion liaoX.... i see 10 daes of peace and silence flying awae... damnit, got to tolerate his crap and nonsense. the most is i go mad onli lar hehehehehe. no big deal right or issit left????....lame Xia. worse still im still at 1k words and malcolm change sum stuff...argh, i getting quite sick of this idea....heheheheh...mrs tang will be sho disappointed...lol plus its so depressing, the ignorance, seriously dunnoe wat went wrong, sth with me or stuff, haiX, too bad i such a...... lol niwae...this hols is flying man but aniwae, cant wait to go back to school.... realli je te manque her man...hiaX...aniwae, i gtg so long cheerios.... 
hihi, im back. todae was one hell of a training, played two full quarters and still hab to be goalie when they practice shooting. mylegs sore and rubbery like hell. aniwae,when i was on my wae to bishan, i began to think,i usually do when i darn tired or stuff, n i realized im reallirealli lost between bgr and neutrality and i keep seeing things man.weird. i think i too delusional liaoZ, starting to see her everywhere, aniwaeX,this is definitely not good, better try some formulae to slack it off and i realli have to admit im out of touch with god. ireallidunno watta do.dingdong.wake up plX...swimming in the dark waters of the sea of lurve. confused delusional lost brink of sanity disillusioned yearning. that is how i feel now ar. quite rojak ar...hehehe....now im forced to go national youth training though my stamina gone down like xiao liao....go their sure lose face one larX. but latta accused of ban tong shui or sth...heeX....life's like that must excel in one area den can go on living it...aniwaeZ im slping soon, have to pump a few more words den i will probably knock....still incommunicado larX...dunno whether it turned out alright.....heeX leave it to god to decide yar....so long peeps chEeRIoS aNd gOd bLeSS
yOhOx pEePs!!! went to class bbq last night. now... that's wat i call life man. standing there barbecuing and downing cans and cans of coke made me feel that this could not be better.den when i almost goin tt time, kit qin tell me that he certified me a bbq chef.lolx.could not stop saeing that the chicken was so darn nice and stuff.....aniwae i had fun man and hope there will be more bbq to come...hehehehe.walaux, i die liao lar, by this week need to pump out at least 10 thou words man. i onli at 1 thou, serious deep shit manx. malcolm was like walau wat the hell have u been doin..aniwaeX,jus called mr lam juZ now, he saed that miss lo dun allow animore peeps to go jArPaN... but he sae if mi results are good next year, he will consider to let me go, but i am having reservations man, the o's are next year man, dunno i miself wanna go a not....dUhX yEs....erm....nAhx....sheeSh, freakin lamer, next year see how lar.aniwae peeps, go to go, training ar threee BuAiXXX 
hi PeEpS! went to watch harry potter last night at ps instead, too bad i did not grace the festival of praise though i heard that hillsongs positively rawk in that concert but wats da point fo there alone, peeps will think i mad, so rather go catch a movie.haiX. i was reminded of my anti-socialism when the ticket seller tot i wanted two seats and had no more until about 8 plus. the misunderstanding was found out when i selected first row seat and he charged me 17 bucks. den i told him one seat is sufficient fo my bulk...lame....aniwae the movie is ok, cant wait to have a go at home on the range and around the world in eighty daes.todae went church just to find out that there wasn't teeenage fellowship cos todae most of the church goin malaysia for church retreat, though i very much like to take a break at the retreat, i could not help it lorZ that writing workshop, nber go one time need to pay 22.50 bucks. haiX. toking bout that novel, realli realli behind time man.... suppose to be writing 5 thou words by this next week and i onli have erm like 600 plus words....writer's block sucks man....trust me u dun want to have a writer's block writing a novella. aniwae trying to get in to jep, hope mr lam will some how squeeze me in man. asked mi to call him on mondae and hopefully i will recieve good news.come to think of it, im seriously screwed up man, my studies sucks, my waterpolo sucks, my music sucks,besides all this i wonder what the hell am i here for todae, i just wanna get lost in the jungle or sth, and camp awae my life, in the least, camping is a few thousand times more palatable den studying. im realli full of complains man....hehehehe.....hope time will fly faster den hopefully land a job in obs. tt wat i call life....hehehe....parents definitely will be shock or mebbe not since dey noe wat kinda a person i am.lolx..aniwae got to go now, got class bbq.....so lonng peeps....bUaIx..... 
hIx pEePs!!! currently having writers block and im sth like 19500 plus words behind the 20 thou novella. listening to tHeRe yOu'Ll bE. quite applicable to me though. haiX aniwae todae went training just when tt someone came online.soRrY ar realli had to go. aniwae, distracted thru out the whole training and tt reminds me of yesterdae at yck swimming pool and god leonard does swims like erm faster than old ladies but slower den......ME..keke hehehehe joking lar aniwae he in sailing cannot blame cos basically sailing slack larX.haiX noe thinking about life doodling and agreeing how each song i am listening to is so applicable to mE? trying to spit sth out for the novel.... i have to agree that the course quite fun but the writing part just puts me off manX...especially with a writer's BlOcKKKKK....argh....but aniwwae yAwNz, so freaky sleepy......i tink i goin add a few more words den wait and see den kNoCk oFf.... tIL nExT tImE gUyS....nItE aNd bUaIx....cHeEriOs o yAr i FinAlLy hAd tHe CouRAgE ta aSk yAy, tHrEE cHeErs anD tHrEe cHeErS....There You'll Bewhen i think back all these times, and the dreams we left behind i'll be glad cos i was blessed to have u in my life when i look back all these daes i'll look and see ur faceyou're right there for mein my dreams i always see u soar above the sky in my heart there always be a place for u for all my life i'll keep a part of u with meand everywhere i am there you'll beand everywhere i am there you'll bewill u show me how it feelsto feel the sky we did not reach and i always remember all the strength u gave to me you've made me make it thru i owe so much to u u'er rite there for mein my dreams i always see u soar above the sky in my heart there always be a place for u for all my life i'll keep a part of u with meand everywhere i am there you'll beand everywhere i am there you'll becos i always saw in u my light my strength and i wanna thank you now for all the waysu were right there for me u were right there for mein my dreams i always see u soar above the sky in my heart there always be a place for u for all my life i'll keep a part of u with meand everywhere i am there you'll beand everywhere i am there you'll be tHeRe yOu'LL bE-FAITH HILL- 
Is this really any different? Besides, we don't get the fun little icons of how we're feeling. I feel like a smiley face drinking a fruity blender drink. I love the day off, I have never smelled so much lighter fluid in my life. I feel like I must eat grilled meat today. yet I have no grill. Jobs are a tricky thing. I'm scared to start a new job, but I know I must, and that requires obtaining a new job. So I must make a new resume and write letters. I hate this whole process. I want the big texan in the white hat to come and say "Hey there, tall drink of water, want a lucrative job where you do very little and get paid a lot? I'll relocate you to a non-dying area and you'll be swamped with money and broads!" And I'd say "Boards? Why do I need boards?"And he'd say, "No, broads."And I'd say, "I'd rather have mamasitas thank you very much, especially if I'm going to Texas."and he'd look all stern and then smile and go,"Well, that's settled. See ya Monday!" THAT'S how I should get a job! 
Our upcoming show "Godzillas and Generals" is turning out to be a very good show!We are trying alot of different things with this show, and you really are going to want to check it out.One thing we are doing a little differently is reverting to our classic format for shows.What I mean is that we aren't trying to tell a large, hour long story with this show.Rather, we are doing things the old way, where we have penned a bevy of hilarious sketches, seemingly unrelated to each other.Of course, because we are geniuses, and have a lot of dumb luck, things still tie together wonderfully at the end.There are a handful of shows that I think are the "Best" the Dwellers have ever done.In that list are Decon Santa, Kiwanis, and some of the older ones that we did during that golden summer.I don't quite remember the year of that summer, but the show that sticks out in my mind is the show in which we had the most guns in a Dweller show... ever.There were something like twelve guns on stage at one time!And yet, throughout the show, only one character died and that was of natural causes.It was a wonderful show, where all of the skits were written independently but in the end, thanks to being at the right place at the right time, we were able to pretty much tie together every skit.It was beautiful.And so this show is taking an interesting course.We have chosen a theme instead of a plot.That theme is "Japanese Pop Culture."It all came about when Larry and Joe came up with an idea for a skit (I won't give away what that skit was), and when they told everyone about it, I totally dug the idea of making the whole show sort of themed around the crazy Japanese culture (what with their samurais, ninjas, monsters, food, and videogames).Originally trying to make the show like we had done Kiwanis and Decon, we tried to come up with this elaborate plot involving a samurai sword (and whomever had the sword became a samurai).We realized this idea was tired, and not as interested as first imagined... and so we set out and worked on some ideas, wrote some skits, and did some improv... and the end result is "Godzillas and Generals"And while the show isn't completely about Japanese culture, we managed to get some funny skits involving Godzilla, samurais, ninjas and a special surprise.Along with these themed skits, we also have some great satirical sketches and a special "guest character" from everyone's favorite rock group: Blue Oyster Cult!Enough of me giving away info about our show... You are just going to have to check it out.Of course, it was brought to me attention the other day, while enjoying some coffee at Cafe Kolache, that our opening show is on the same night as the new Harry Potter movie.While most other sketch comedy and improv troupes would be frightened by this, the Cellar Dwellers do not waver.We don't even flinch.. we will fight Harry Potter, just as we have in the past, with our humor!I think we can pull in more people than that puberty-breaching, girl-clamoring kiddie fest.Of course, if the Dwellers are going to try and pull in over 100 million in our first weekend, we are going to need your help.Friday, June 4th at the CCBC Allied Health Auditorium.(CCBC stands for Community College of Beaver County, for those of you not from the area).The show begins at 8:00pm and will run until around 10.Tickets are just $5.00 and reservations can be made in advance by e-mailing the Dwellers: reservations@thecellardwellers.comor checking out our website.If you can't make it this Friday, due to work (NOT due to Harry Potter... which, I assure you, is no excuse) then you have one more chance to check out this hilarious sketch show next Saturday, June 12th also at the CCBC auditorium.It starts at 8:00 and tickets are also $5.But if you bring your Harry Potter ticket stub, we can charge you $7.50 instead... it's only fair.And so, hope to see you there!Feel free to comment and ask questions about the show... or just come find out for yourself next Friday.The Dwellers love you.
Hey, just started this new Dweller blog because the other one sucked... let's see if this one's better! 
As I've noted in past postings, I find myself in almost constant transport from my home and Beaver County, home of the Cellar Dwellers. As I also have mentioned, traveling can lead to all sorts of adventures. Such was the case last Saturday.I had left the triumphant improv show at the Copper dog - 4 paying customers, woohoo. It was fairly late, almost 12:30 am as I piloted my '93 Lumina - or 'The Silver Bullet' as I like to call it - through Rochester.I was almost out of Rochester when I looked in my rear view mirror and saw the one sight sure to invoke terror in the mind of all motorist. I was being chased by Dan Akroyd. Just checking to see if you're paying attention. What my mirror really revealed was the flashing lights of a police officer.Is there any more nerve racking event than being pulled over by the cops? Well, yes I guess there is. Trench warfare comes to mind. Still, getting pulled over always manages to be a good sucker punch experience. One minute you're driving along quite happily, feeling free. The next minute some guy with a mustache - they always have mustaches - is shining a flashlight in your face.I tried to play it cool. I made a concerted effort to have all my paper work ready for the officer which was a fools errand. My glove box explodes like a party favor when opened. Papers fly everywhere. Every piece of paper work I have ever received for my car is in there. I have registrations dating back to the mid 70's. I don't know what car they belong to, but they're there. I was able to find my current registration. It was rolled in a ball under an ancient half full bag of Skittles. I greeted the officer kindly, "Hello officer. How are you tonight. Beautiful night for a drive isn't it." I practically had to muzzle myself before I became just a little too friendly. I was half a step from saying: "Say officer, has anyone ever told you your an attractive man? You must work out." Remember, when talking to the police there is a fine line between polite and catching-a-beat-down-with-a-flashlight polite."You know I clocked going 50 back there," The officer said. "You were also a little erratic. You went over the double yellow and the white lines."Crap, I thought to myself, looks like its alphabet backward time for James. But I'm sober. At least I think I'm sober. I only had 1-1.5 beers at Copper Dog. That was a couple hours ago. I couldn't be drunk. But what if they were super beers? What the hell's a super beer?I remained quiet and tried my best too look sober, which I was. I offered him my license and registration. Always be helpful to the police when they pull you over. If you have food in the car offer it to them. "Oh," the officer said, "I also need your insurance card."(flashback a couple of days:my mother: James, your insurance card came in the mail. me: Just leave it there. I'll get it.)I didn't have my insurance card, the fine for - the officer tells me - is a 6 month suspension of your driver's license. I panic. I tell the officer I have it. I show him the most recent card freshly expired. He seems to understand. I can't tell. He's got a flashlight in my face."Where are you coming from?""The Copper Dog." I think it best not to lie. I was at a bar."Doing a little drinking were you?""Just one or two a couple hours ago. I was doing a show. I'm an actor.""What kind of show?""Improv comedy. I'm a member of the Cellar Dwellers. Check out our website www.thecellardwellers.com" Did I just plug the Cellar Dwellers? Was that a good idea? The officer seemed to accept it. It was the truth.Then, the officer went back to his cruiser. Now, I have no idea what cops do when they take your paper work back into their car, but I have a sneaking suspicion it's nothing. They're just making you sweat. They're probably back there smoking a cigarette or brewing some coffee or shaving or playing the harmonica or doing any number of other inane pursuits while your left pondering your fate. I was sweating bullets. I needed my license. I can't afford to pay for a ticket. The ticket could be worth more than I am right now. I'd have to sell plasma just to make ends meet.Eventually, the officer returns and a miracle happens. I swear it was a miracle. Little things like this confirm my belief in a loving God. The officer uttered those sweet, sweet little words: "I'm going to let you off with a warning." Praise God, hallelujah. I feel like singing. I feel like dancing. I want to hug the officer. I don't. It probably wouldn't have been the wisest of choices. I restrain myself. I do thank the officer and wish him a pleasant night. And then, just like that, I am free. I drive away with joy in my heart and less lead in my foot.Shalom 
I was just about to spend another day bored out of my mind.I had spent the morning doing some designing, graphically of course, and had just left to visit my local Sheetz.When I got back home, Danny and I sat down with my dad to watch some Fox News over lunch.But wait... what's this?Breaking news?It's a CAR CHASE!The saving grace of any afternoon: a high speed car chase somewhere in California.Even better, it was a bank robbery and they were soaring on some freeway throwing money out of the window!All three of us stopped and watched the screen.Danny started clapping in excitement.I tell ya, there is nothing that cheers me up more than some hella-sweet action that could wind up in disaster.This chase scene, which at first brought back fond memories of the O.J. chase, was going to be a good one too.There were three robbers speeding around in what appeared to be a Chrysler Pacifica, with about five cop cars following suit.What's even better is they were catching everything from helicopter cam!The driver of this car was pretty crazy at times.He was all over the 8 lane super highway, and then he would take an exit and head into the urban areas of LA, including Compton (represent!), and then would loop around and get back on the freeway going in the other direction.Even better, he utilized the car pool lane!Not only was that smart, but it was also considerate, since he did have more than two passengers.After about fifteen minutes of driving all over LA, and after evading the police which weren't very smart, they wound up in this suburban area.The robbers pulled the car onto some lady's lawn and pulled this weird Chinese fire drill.The woman, who was a large African American, was standing on the corner screaming at the robbers... and then screaming at the cops... and then screaming at everything.Two of the robbers gave up instantly.But the driver, who was a pretty hefty fellow wearing some O.G. football jersey, ran inside the house.There was a standoff for a little while, which was especially hilarious because this crazy woman was standing between the cops and the house, getting into the way of their pointed guns.Eventually the woman, whom I can only assume to be the driver's mother, talked the robber into coming out of the house and giving up.Although I must say, judging from what I saw of the robbers... they didn't plan this well at all.They were all wearing normal street clothes, no suits or black ties, and none of them had masks.They obviously didn't have a good safe house, and obviously didn't have enough man power.If more robbers would just do their research and watch some movies they might get away with it once in a while.But anyways...What excitement!I tell ya, great car chases only happen every once in a while,much like comets or the Olympics.And just like the previously mentioned events, car chases are not to be missed.My day has been brightened because of these ridiculous robbers and their poor planning.Thank you, young vigilantes.Thank you! 
I had been aware for several weeks that my car was badly in need of two new tires. However, being unemployed and horribly destitute - funny how the two seem to go together - I was forced to drive the car as is. It wasn't too bad. There was a slight thrill to every car trip. I never knew when the tires would blow, possibly sending my car out of control. It's these little things which keep my life interesting. Today, thanks to a monetary donation to the Keep James Afloat Fund from my Aunt, I finally was able to buy new tires. Of course, I went to the cheapest place I could think of, Wal-Mart Supercenter. (Just let me say right now that I don't want any 'How could you support the evil, unfeeling, corporate behemoth' comments. Maybe I'll fight injustice when I get the cash - maybe - and right now Wal-Mart's being quite helpful in keeping cash in my pocket. Long live the free market.)Upon arriving at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in lovely bucolic cranberry Pennsylvania. I was informed that it would take a little over an hour for them to get to and do the work on my car. So, I had little choice but to find a way to while away the time at Wal-Mart, there being nothing else within walking distance. This presented many problems, the chief of which being Malaise. I mean malaise in every sense of the word from boredom to the more existential sense of loss and dislocation. Wal-Mart is like a factory for these feelings, especially when I am alone there. Just looking at the people in Wal-Mart makes me feel more and more distant from my fellow man. How can I have anything in common with someone in a Dale Earnhardt jacket? How can I entertain myself for an entire hour?I could feel it. The malaise stalking through the aisles - a black cloud ready to envelope me. I had to keep my wits about me, stay sharp. I'm not ready to embrace my malaise. I don't care to become authentic whatever that means. I read it somewhere.I sat in the tire center waiting room for maybe 2 minutes. Just long enough to drink a cup of complimentary coffee. The waiting room was truly depressing: Colorless walls, torn vinyl chairs, 6 month old issues of better homes and gardens. One other guy was in there talking business on his cell phone. I secretly hoped he would make an inappropriate personal phone call, get in a fight with his wife or something. That would've entertained the sick part of me. But he only talked about tractor prices. I left the waiting room. The man never noted my entrance or exit.So, I was left adrift in the consumer wasteland. I moved quickly, one aisle to the next section to section, leaving whenever I felt the first shiver of boredom or despair. I took my blood pressure. It was good. I was proud of myself for a minute as I look over the deodorant for no good reason. I played with the camcorders aiming the one attached to the TV up my nose for all walking by to enjoy.I leafed through the latest copy of People. They listed the 50 most eligible bachelors. Some how I managed not to make the list again this year. They must not know I'm single. The guys starring in the upcoming film 'Harold And Kumar Go to White Castle' made the list, so I have my suspicions as to the viability of said list.I made a game out of taking the bouncy balls out of the bin and throwing them back into the top. I would throw them from all angles, from behind obstacles. I even tried it from an aisle over. I almost got thrown out from that.I browsed the hunting rifles, asking the clerk questions like "Do you have anything that will make a deer's head explode?" or "Do you have anything for a guy trying to compensate for something, if you know what I mean?" I almost got thrown out for that.I looked at the toys. I wished they had some out so I could give them a try but they didn't. So, I opened a bag of marbles anyway.I tried to pick up games with some kids until their parents pulled them away. I almost got thrown out for that.I pulled a bike off the rack to give it a test ride. I almost got thrown out for that.I climbed up on a display section to try out some of the exercise equipment. I almost got thrown out for that.I unfolded a camping chair and rolled out a cooler next to it. Then I chose a fishing pole from sporting goods and a goofy hat from the Men's section. I spent a good five minutes pretending to drink beer and fish. I almost got thrown out for that. Almost getting thrown out ended up being the key to my morning. Walking that fine line between harmless fun and public nuisance proved quite rewarding. Testing the limits of acceptable behavior at Wal-Mart, I think someone could write a thesis on this. It gave my morning just enough of an edge to ward off malaise. In the end, I got two new tires, at least 6 warnings, and no existential crisis. Sounds like a good morning to me. Shalom 
If you have ever played a videogame that deals with war or fighting against a bunch of guys, you may know of a little feature called "Fog of War."Basically this is a thick fog that appears, limiting your view to only a close proximity to yourself.It's based off of the actual term "fog of war" which is used to describe the thick fog of soot and gunpowder that fills the air after an intense battle.In videogames, it's used so you don't watch every move the enemy makes, hence creating a little surprise and challenge.I was thinking about this odd concept the other day, and I was wondering what would happen if everyone had "fog of war" in real life.No matter what time of day it is, no matter how good your glasses are, you can only see four feet in any one direction.Everything else just looks like a gray haze.Driving would be insane.I'm sure I would run over all sorts of animals, people, and rubber sports equipment that happens to wander in front of my Cougar.Parking would also be quite the bear, as my keen "empty-spot-spotting eye" would be totally useless.As would my"hidden police officer spotting eye."That's two eyes that are gone with the wind!Then again, losing the cops would be a little easier (although I'm sure their range of sight would be a little longer than mine... law enforcement bonus).Walking around the mall would be a tad more enjoyable, since I wouldn't have to try as hard to avoid people I don't like.I only really have to panic when they get within a few feet of me.Muggers and Jehovah's Witnesses would be harder spot and defend against, on the other hand.But if you are going to go the way of these videogames (the ones I have in mind are Age of Empires and Dynasty Warriors) then you could also employ some scouts.Get the shmuck on a horse to go ahead and see if they have any ripe bananas at Giant Eagle.He will come back with the word, or he would even distract the Jehovah's long enough for me to run in there and get the delicious yellow fruits.Now that I think about it a bit, I'm glad that God turned off "fog of war" in the options menuwhen he was creating the world...well, you can probably see that my summer has been pretty boring thus far.I've got nothing better to do than think about videogames and watch MacGyver (who is freaking awesome, by the way.) 
I just got back from New York. That's right, the Big Apple, media capital of the world, center for culture, the city that never sleeps. At least that's what I've been told. I spent almost all my time at my grandparents house in the suburbs, and trust me, my grandparents house definitely DOES sleep. I would even go as far as saying it slumbers. It's half a step away from slipping into a coma. Bed time's 8:30 and it's strictly enforced.So, it's safe to say that I didn't exactly experience the thrill of New York City, despite being a mere stone's throw away. I missed the rush of the subway, the rhythm of the streets, the smell of the cabbies, but I wouldn't classify the trip as a loss. I learned all sorts of valuable things. Such as, it doesn't matter if you lose a ton of weight and everyone else thinks you look fantastic, an Italian grandmother will think you look awful. Apparently, despite being a healthy weight for my height, I'm dangerously thin. My grandmother kept looking at me as though I were a cancer patient. She would lurk in shadows waiting to pounce on me, brandishing a meatball sub like a shining sword of justice ready to plunge it into my unsuspecting mouth. I couldn't let my guard down for a second. I'd wake in the morning with inexplicable marinara on my chin and the taste of garlic on my tongue. I also came to the realization that I can no longer really talk to my grandparents, I can only talk around them. It's not that there's some horrible generation gap separating us. My grandparents simply can't hear anymore. I'm sure that over the course of a full week they only understood maybe 20 percent of what I said. I know they have a horribly inaccurate idea of what my life is like. I just got tired of correcting them. There's only so many times I can repeat something and there's only so loud I can talk. I just let them think what they like. It's easier on all of us. Here's an actual exchange:Grandma: So, you do plays? Me: Well, actually it's sketch comedy. G: What? M: Sketch comedy? G: What? M: SKETCH COMEDY! Like Saturday Night Live. G: You perform on Saturday? M: Yeah, whatever. (I nod emphatically in surrender) G: What part do you play? M: I play a lot of parts? G: What? M: MANY PARTS!! G: What? M: An officer in the Queens Navy. G: Oh, a barber, how nice.As if that wasn't bad enough, I had to put up with the most deafeningly loud television in the free world. My grandfather sits 4 feet from the television with what's left of his hair flapping to the decibels. And he still couldn't make half the stuff out. I couldn't escape the noise of the television. If you ever want to know what Bill O'Reilly is talking about all you need to do is be within a quarter mile radius of my grandparent's house. You can't miss it. Eighties rock band Scorpions could be playing a concert in the back yard and I would never know.So, while I missed out on the traditional New York experience. I feel that I got something much more important. I got a crash course on why I only visit my family once a year, and how much it sucks growing old.Shalom
The other night I was sitting in my house and thinking about cartoons. For some reason the Smurfs popped in my head. Did you know they are from Belgium, like French Fries and those good waffles? Well, they are. In fact many well known cartoons are from there, the other popular one in the states was Tin Tin. You can get Smurf comics there in Flemish or Dutch. It's pretty cool. Anyways, I got to thinking about the smurfs. And I knew that the smart one that made stuff was Handy Smurf, but I recalled one that wore glassesm which is of course the international sign for smarts. But I knew it wasn't Handy, who wore a pencil behind the ear. So, I knew I could turn to the source of all information useless: the internet. I had faith in the fact that some person with nothing better to do had created a website that listed, with pictures, all of the smurfs. So I used google and put in Smurf List, and sure enough, there was such a list, and sublists under it. I quickly found that Brainy smurf was the one of which I was thinking. Glasses and a snooty attitude, like an associate professor.So while some may think that the internet is good for school, which it isn't, and some may think it's only good for porn searchs, which it is. I also argue that there is a lot of useless crap out there to be known. And people seem to have webpages for it, and they pay for them and keep them updated. What sad and isolated lives we Americans lead. we can now talk instantly to people across the globe, but we won't leave the house and talk to the person next door. Speaking of which, I have got to get outside. It's gorgeous! Right after I find some porn. HahhaKickin' it, father's day style, Mike the Tall 
While some of my readers, I know, are going to cringe in disgust, I figured I would throw this out there and see if anyone's interested.I am throwing a Part for the President in July, and anyone who reads this is invited! urlLink You may remember last April when I went to a Bush/Cheney Party in Greensburg. Well I had so much fun that I decided I wanted to throw my own party this July.There is a national party for the president day on Thursday, July 15th, and anyone involved will get a sweet conference call with VP Dick Cheney himself!It's a sweet deal.The reason I wanted to throw one, was basically because of what I witnessed at the first party I went to.It was a fine party, very respectable, but it was definitely geared towards adults.Me, Leroy and Teddy were the youngest guys there.So I figured why not have a party aimed at younger folks, college kids and folks in their twenties.A real "party" filled with loud music (Andrew W. K., not Toby Keith), a light atmosphere with some real humor and good times.Instead of having it at a fancy hotel, I'm having it at a brand new coffee house in Rochester, PA.Instead of hiring a DJ to play stereotypical Republican country music, I'm bringing my Mac and playing some true party music (regardless of affiliation).(Assuming all goes to plan) We are going to have a conference call from the vice prez, a video tape from the president, and some other sweet activities and speeches.This isn't to say that only republicans are invited.If you are someone who isn't registered, and wants to learn more about the Grand Old Party (and you are smart enough to know that there is more to us than what the news and Michael Moore portray) then come on down and give it a shot.Or if you are a democrat who wants to see what's going on, perhaps you aren't brainwashed by the MTV-culture into hating GW, or you just want to have some lively discussion, then check it out.The GO-Party for the President is on Thursday, July 15th from 6:30pm until 9:30pm at the Blue Violet Cafe (Brighton Ave, Rochester PA).For more information, post a comment! 
In these turbulent times it is important that we all remember one simple immutable truth: celebrities are better than us. They are superior to us simple folk in every conceivable way. They are better looking. They are richer. They live in unnecessary, palatial 'cribs'. They are sweeter smelling. They have entire television shows devoted to their fabulous lives. They are more well spoken. They are more intelligent. And, this must be remembered at all times above all else, their opinions are worth more than the those of the rest of us slack jawed, hamburger helper eating yokels.So, in these fractured, contentious times let us all turn to the great oracle of Hollywood to gain guidance and understanding. They will tell us everything we will ever need to know, from what to wear to who to vote for. They will do all the thinking for the poor 'little people' of our nation. This is a good thing since regular people have such a hard time thinking. We'd all be much happier not thinking at all. After all, thinking gives regular people headaches, and we always make such a mess of ideas. Left to our devices we might do totally illogical things, like read books, express ourselves, or even vote for whoever we want. What a nightmare. Thank you Hollywood for sweet, sweet mind-numbing television to give celebrities a forum to tell us useless worms how the world works.Now, I don't want to hear any complaints. That's just the last vestiges of your independent, but fatally flawed thought talking. Just let it slip away. Don't question celebrities. They're right. They have to be. They're celebrities. I know to us, the great unwashed masses, it may seem odd that we value someone's opinion simply because they happen to be famous and they happen to be famous simply because they are attractive, or can read someone else's words on cue, or because they have a pleasant voice. But it simply doesn't matter why someone's famous. As long as someone is famous they become our moral and intellectual superiors. That's just the way the world works. It's God's plan. Celebrities are the center of our world. We should all just recognize this and genuflect. Now, if you'll excuse me. I have to watch E!.Shalom 
I don't know why I keep telling people this, because I'm certainly not proud of it... but I saw the movie "Soul Plane."Yeah, I know... I know.It was a dumb thing to do, but the circumstances under which I saw the film made sense at the time (although they are certainly no excuse).I had a bevy of free tickets for the Destinta theater out in Bridgeville, and they expired last week, so I had to go and use them up... I mainly saw movies that I had already seen, like "The Punisher" and "Shrek 2" and then, in a move that I can only attribute to a moment of weakness, poor timing, peer pressure, and desperation, I saw "Soul Plane."So far, I've gotten the same reaction from everyone I've admitted this to: "Oh God, what were you thinking?!"And the answer is "I have no clue."The whole movie looked more like a train wreck from a mile away.Have you seen the trailer?It looked absolutely terrible... and I assure you, if you make the same mistake I did and actually take the time to watch the movie, your guess about the movie will be proven.It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.And while I could sit here and critique this movie like I would any film, wasting time on the technical flaws of the movie would be pointless.Just thinking about the content of this film would make anyone, of any race, just shake their heads.In what had the potential to be the "soulful" version of the comedy classic "Airplane!", "Soul Plane" is nothing more than a 90 minute MTV-stereotyped, racially-charged, mess of a film that makes me wish I had the comforting arm of TV's George Lopez to cry on... that's pretty bad.Let me start by talking about what goes on in the movie.There is this giant purple plane with hydraulics (which is probably one of the few cool aspects of the movie) and it's flying with a bunch of stereotypes... and Tom Arnold.I don't understand how any race could NOT be offended by this movie.There is one Arab on the plane, and of course there are a few 9-11 jokes to go along with him.There are four white people on the plane, they have the last name of "Honkey" and they are coming home from a vacation to "Crackerland."Come on now... and then of course the plane is filled with African Americans.And for once I agree with Spike Lee and his joints-a-plenty.This movie is most offensive towards blacks!Sure there were a few times throughout the movie that I chuckled at what was going on on screen.Perhaps it is just the overall faux pas nature of this racist piece of cinema (the lower class section of the plane gets a piece of Popeye's fried chicken for their in-flight meal), afterwards I felt a little weird about the whole movie.What kind of audience are they making this for?Well I can tell you.It was made for the pop-culture-loving teens of this day and age.And they are eating it up.There is a reason why this awful movie is number 5 across the nation.It's the same reason that they are making a movie called "Harold and Kumar go to White Castle" and a movie called "The Cook Out."Because America loves dumb shit.America loves stereotypes and humor that, when attached using electrodes to a bowl of green Jello, barely causes ripples.Now I saw this movie because I had a free ticket, and so technically they didn't make any money off of me and my buddies.But someone out there is seeing this movie, and it's not good for America or Hollywood (who is going to do nothing but continue to make this kind of crap).So if anyone asks... I saw Soul Plane to further my knowledge of cultural studies.And because I had a free ticket.
There is something to be said for the Cellar Dwellers' marketing and advertising practices.Perhaps those words would be "gorilla tactics" or "grassroots effort" or maybe even "word of mouth."And then there is something to be said for the Beaver County Times' treatment of the Cellar Dwellers' effort.Unfortunately, those words are a little too inappropriate for me to type on this very blog.Anyone who lives in Beaver County knows the Times' reputation for poor reporting, a strong reliance on AP news stories, a strong liberal slant, and a lot of typos.You don't need me to complain about that.And that's not to say that they don't have good people working for them.Dave Smith is an exemplary entertainment writer, and at one point in time they had John Dessler, one of my inspirations for choosing graphic design.However, they have managed to give the Cellar Dwellers the good ol' one, two, screw at some point for almost every one of our shows for the past few months.It's at the point now, where I recommend that our fans NOT look for our shows in there because the listing is going to be wrong regardless.Two weeks ago, we were doing an all-improv show at Thursdays Restaurant in Bridgewater.I am the guy in charge of making the fliers, press releases, and other promotional material for the group.I always make sure the press releases are perfect, and that there is no way to confuse our location, show dates or times.And yet, somehow the BCT thought we were at Dockers doing improv.We've never, in our troupe's seven year history, done a show at Dockers.But I guess that's better than nothing.Sometimes they just don't print a press release I send them, even when it's on time.And of course I call them and let them know they are wrong every chance I get.And yet, there isn't too much we can do, since it's a free service they, and all newspapers, provide.We just have to take what we can get.It was their screw-up today that has sent me over the edge.Learning that they can barely understand press releases printed clearly in either Courier New or Times New Roman, I faxed them the Godzillas and Generals release TWICE, both times well before the deadline for this weekend's issue.And yet somehow, through some mysterious voodoo curse or insistence on using "copy & paste" methods, they have managed to screw the Cellar Dwellers yet again.Because fresh in today's Weekender, under the comedy section (I also insist on us being placed in the Theater Section but comedy is fine too... as long as we don't wind up under Etc.), it clearly says that our show is SATURDAY, aka TOMORROW.It also says that it's scene-based improv.I just have one web-jargon abbreviation to use right now: WTF.Apparently, the BCT's A.D.H.D. has gotten the best of them again, and they just make these insane mistakes without even knowing it.The Beaver County Times has a responsibility to their readers, advertisers, and the Arts in Beaver County to get these listings correct the first time around.No amount of "corrections" the day after will fill the seats.And for the Dwellers, the BCT is the best way for us to really get the word out about our shows.This isn't to say that you should totally ignore what they print, because 70% of the time its probably right.But I insist that if you see a Dweller listing, you check out the website, or look for a flier, or just go and find out.Our fliers and website are always correct.If you want something done right, you do it yourself.But it's apparent that when you have to rely on others, you only get what you want when you are a paying customer.I guess they won't get it right until we finally make the cover of the weekender.Of course, as long as there are Emmy award nominations, we don't stand a chance.Seeya tonight at the show. 
As some of you may know, I spend quite a bit of time shuttling between my home in lovely Clintonville, PA - up in Venango county - and the Cellar Dweller home base in picturesque Beaver County. In my travels I have encountered myriad wondrous and astounding things, bad weather, scary hitch hikers, an Elvis impersonator truck driver, but I have encountered only one object which completely mystifies me.Off of route 488, somewhere between Elwood City and Portersville, there stands a statue, maybe four foot tall, of a little Mexican leading a donkey. Alone in a small clearing, with absolutely no explanation, this Mexican is forever caught in the act of leading his donkey toward God-only-knows where. It's almost as though, this Mexican along with his donkey had sprung forth from the Earth whole. It stands there implacable, as mysterious as Stonehenge, as terrifying as an Easter Island head. I have the strangest sensation that no human mind or hand played any part in its construction. This statue exist on a plane beyond human comprehension. At least it exist beyond my own comprehension, which is - I am forced to admit - quite limited.I do have my theories. I have several, they bubble up from the percolator of my mind. I think that some ancient culture of Lawrence County could have used this statue as a calendar or possibly it held some astrological purpose. It could have fallen from space, like David Bowie did in the 70's. It could be a gift to us from the mole people who live thousands of feet beneath the Earth. My favorite explanation is that it is an idol from a long dead religion - the Valdezians. The Valdezians worshipped all things coffee - mugs, plastic stirrers, half and half, pretentious bastards at Starbucks - and this is an idol to their chief god - Juan Valdez, the bringer of the coffee. Sure I have no proof of this, but I think if I just believe in it enough it just might become so.One of these days - when I am not driving home at some obscene time of night or running late - I will stop my car and take a closer look at this marvel of ancient engineering. If I ever have anyone else with me and a camera handy I'll take a picture with it. I'd like one with me riding the donkey in my fancy Cellar Dweller T-shirt. I just hope that I don't upset Valdez. He is a jealous god and will not stand for mocking. He can make my coffee taste horrible for the rest of my life.Shalom 
For the past month or so, Christoph and I have been meeting once or twice a week at Cafe Kolache in Beaver to work on the website.Kolache is an amazing little coffee house, something I have been clamoring for for years here in the BC.As I have mentioned, we are "hard" at work on the new site, which is going to be all in Flash.It's pretty sexy, if I do say so myself.Chris went out and got all of these books and whatnot and took this sucker on.Of course, the two of us (along with any other Dweller who may join us) sitting in a cafe with Chris' 17-inch HP laptop aren't the most productive around.But productivity with this website isn't always our number one priority, fun is.Because if fun ain't being had, then why be had at all.That's what I say... sometimes.And so we sit there, me drawing little designs and pictures in my sketch pad, him clicking away at Action Scripts and Motion Guides, and the two of us talking about the finer things in life: politics, computers, girls, coffee, jobs, and The Tick.All things relevant to the life of two single working-guys fresh outta high school.My coffee intake has nearly doubled thanks to working on this website.The advantage, and the main reason, of doing most of the work at the cafe is because we get a bottomless cup of coffee.So our laps are scalded by the end of the day.No, so we get all of the coffee we can muster!Trust me, I drink alot of coffee.Usually it's the dark roast (which can be anything from Kenyan, Columbian, and Cuban to J.P. Hearty, AA Kenyan, or M.C. Hammer... I wish there was an M.C. Hammer coffee) with a ton of half and half and sugar.Chris likes to get a carmel coffee thing (some of the girls there make it with whipped cream, while others skimp on the extras and just give him the coffee) and then he chases that down with some of the normal coffees.I usually go to the bathroom like three times while we are there (which is normally from 3:30 until they close at 5:30).It would help alot more if that place had a wireless internet connection like the Copper Dog does.I mean, it's not enough that we steal their electricity by plugging the laptop into their wall, we want them to pay for internet as well!There are usually other folks in there with laptops (a good number of them have Apple iBooks... REPRESENT!) and they are all kinda put in their place by Chris' monster computer, which could probably wrestle Deep Blue and Hal at the same time.Sure those other guys were advanced in their time, but nowadays a centrino Pentium machine could whoop their butts.... sorry.Anyways, the website is gonna rock harder than Donny Iris' love.But since he loves us as well, we kinda win on both fronts.
I was flipping through the channels on the old television - not an all together unusual activity - when I chanced upon something interesting on C-SPAN. (Yes, I am&nbsp; aware that the words C-SPAN and interesting do not generally appear together in any context, but technically this was C-SPAN2.) They were airing a meeting of a focus group from somewhere in Ohio. (OK, I admit this still doesn't sound interesting, but bare with me.) So, there were about 9 people in a non-descript meeting room of some sort being quizzed by a weasily, condescending focusmeister. (Well, maybe this is only interesting to me, but I'm forging ahead anyway.) This focusmeister - sorry about the overly technical jargon - was asking all sorts of questions about Bush and Kerry to this rag tag assembly of housewives, retirees, and guys with goatees. This was so fascinating to me because this was a window into the strange and arcane tools used by candidates to gain political office. No doubt, Bush, Kerry, and their people use focus groups such as this to tailor their platforms, speeches, and such. After viewing this focus group, I only have one thing to say about the state of the democratic process in our country: It is totally screwed up. If Bush and Kerry are listening to people like this, God help us all. These people are complete idiots. They almost all complained that both candidates seem to avoid really confronting the&nbsp;issues, but what do you expect when they hear from focus groups like this is that Bush supporters like him for his 'strength and confidence' while&nbsp;Kerry supporters think he's 'careful and thoughtful'. Why would the candidates deal with the issues, when focus groups are telling them that they're more interested in their images? Then, there were the questions coming from the focusmeister. There was, of course, the old ' who looks more presidential?' chestnut. The correct answer to this is: who cares? It doesn't matter who looks more presidential. Neither Bush nor Kerry does. One has a face that looks like it's melting. The other's face appears to be constantly sucked toward some midpoint, maybe around his nose. (Curiously enough, if you crossed Bush with Kerry, you'd get one normal looking person.) Plus, it doesn't really matter who looks more presidential. It doesn't even matter who acts more presidential. The only question that matters is who would make the better president. Plus, asking who's more presidential between two candidates is akin to asking which is more tree-like: a pine cone or a buckeye. Both have the capability to be a tree, and once a tree, it becomes de facto tree like. It can be nothing but tree like, since it is, after all, a tree. The candidate who becomes president becomes presidential simply by being president, since by definition he can not be otherwise. The questions from the focusmeister just kept getting stranger and stranger. At one point he asked, "If John Edwards was a family member what family member would he be and why?" Almost everyone answered Uncle - one guy&nbsp;cryptically answered 'an uncle from the coast' with out giving any explanation. Again, no one gave the correct answer which would be to point out that the question is stupid and not worthy of a serious answer - although, if forced to answer I'd have to say Uncle Joey since Edwards, much like Uncle Joey, is just a little too eager to please. At about this point my attention began to stray from the focus group on television. I began to wonder why the focusmeister didn't just go whole hog and continue asking more and more bizarre questions. It would&nbsp;make for&nbsp;better television and be just as useful to society to just screw with the people, just ask off the wall crap, dare someone to call you on the questions. As a matter of fact, I have a list of questions I would just love to ask a focus group. Here's just a few: If Dick Cheney were a candy bar, what kind would he be and why? - Hopefully this question would lead to a Bush supporter saying something like: "M&M's because he may have a hard shell, but deep down I think he's a real sweety." To which a Kerry supporter would respond: "Technically M&amp;M's aren't candybars , nitwit." This would lead to loud shouting and maybe fisticuffs, which would make for really good television. If you could ride one ride at the carnival with John Kerry, which would it be and why? - The correct answer is his jowls. If John Edwards ran one attraction at this carnival, which would it be and why? -&nbsp;Hopefully someone would say: "None, he'd set up a lawyer booth to sue when one of the rides comes crashing down." Which word better describes George Bush: lava or magma? - Even I'm mystified by this question and I came up with it. Which Olsen Twin are you more attracted to? - Just to see if everyone's still awake. If Dick Cheney could have dinner with any person, living or dead, who would it be and why? - A good cardiologist for obvious reasons. Is John Edwards more of a Dick York or a Dick Sergeant?&nbsp;- Either way, he's still second banana. True or false: George Bush totally rules at pack man. - Who knows? He might. You've been invited to John Kerry's birthday party, what do you bring as a gift? - I don't know. What do you get the man who married the woman who has everything? See now wouldn't this be fun. I think that I may have found my calling. I should run focus groups. I'd be just as useful, but at least twice as entertaining as the guys they have running them now. All I'd really need to do is keep a straight face, and act like I know what I'm doing. That doesn't sound hard at all. How do you think I got through college? Shalom
I watch alot of day time television.I'm one to just sit down and click away, but I definitely have it on in the background, as my summer days grind away in the most boring fashion available to me.And there are one group of commercials that not only succeed in making me laugh every time, but also intrigue me far more than they should.These commercials are for entrepreneurial (a word SHU seems to love for some reason) credit machines that do all the work and give you all the cash.Not only are they perfect for the wanna-be millionare inside of us all, but they also require us to do nothing but suck in the sweet sweet cash!You may have seen the commercials yourself.These wonder machines include ATM machines in fast food chains, internet access points, wireless hotspots, and movie rental machines.That's right, you can rent movies... from a vending machine.Apparently, these machines do nothing but rake in the dough.All you do is pick a location, set up the machine, and then stop by every once in a while to get your loot.It begs the question, "Why aren't we all doing this?!Why am I going to college?Why am I even working on graphic design, when all I have to do is get a key, walk down to my giant movie-renting-machine and get my loot?"This operation is literally the deus ex machina that will come and end my working career (which has been lazy as best thanks to my Trib job).What's even better about all of this, is the lifestyle I will have once I get my machines.According to the commercials, I will become an old man with a full head of gray hair.I will get to wear Hawaiian shirts while sitting by a huge pool, and have an attractive girl in a bikini look over my shoulder as I monitor my money from an old Apple iBook!Holy shit!This is the life of a king, I tell you... a king!I know this is exactly how Bill Gates and Ted Turner live.I just know it.And soon, I shall be with them...well, not WITH them, but in the same class as them.Getting taxed less (hopefully) than the average man, but instead of giving out more jobs like most billionaires, I will make my billions from the machine.Perhaps I will hire someone to go around and pick up the money for me... a small Cuban boy.That way I won't look like an American jerk.I'm giving back to the community, and letting Pepe' get some exercise.And of course, thanks to Global Link (the enigmatic company behind these marvelous machines) and my sex-slave Adonna, I will be the mysterious billionaire that I always strived to be.I will have no choice but to become a super villain, hiring thousands of nameless henchmen, and that guy with the question mark suit who is always being chased by the feds, and I will take over the world in my zeppelin.That's right... a zeppelin.But there is just one loose end that needs tied up...and that is of this mysterious video rental machine.I just don't get it.Somehow the movie titles will be updated (I'm assuming by one of my drones) and somehow people are going to return these things?If they don't, Pepe' will have to break their legs.But really, is this more convenient than going to Hollywood Video or Blockbuster?No matter, money will come regardless!If you too are interested in the exciting business of owning a machine that takes money from people, contacturlLink Global Link .They have a helpful website filled with confusing words and charts depicting nonsense! It's like the website says: "Global Link was launched in 1996 with a simple and yet challenging vision: to look at the world from the desktop of the buy-side and to create efficiencies through the intelligent application of technology to real-world business needs for information, liquidity access, and workflow improvements. In short, the mission is to deliver one 'window' through which the buy-side can access unique fact-based research and trade any asset class, anywhere, with anyone. In close collaboration with our clients, we are progressively delivering each stage of our vision." Hell yes.Hell yes... 
By most accounts - some could even argue by all accounts - my life is far from successful. My problems are many and varied. I am with out gainful employment. My hairline is receding. I live with my parents. I have no luck with women - this, of course, could be a result of the rest of my problems. I am very clumsy, often annoying, and love bad hair bands of the 1980's - however, I can't stand good hair bands of the 1980's, although I can't say I've ever heard of any.&nbsp;Now, I am aware that I do have some good qualities. Those with an incredible gift of perception may even be able to notice some of them. I am fairly well read, more or less intelligent and occasionally amusing. I'm a good listener, in many ways unselfconscious, and I make great omelets. Also, I love bad hair bands of the 1980's.&nbsp;My major problem, I have decided, is that I lack a certain force of will, strength of commitment, courage, intestinal fortitude, balls, etc. I live too much of my life inside of my own head. I lack the strength, desire, or bravery to move ideas out of the intellectual realm and into the physical, everyday realm. I cannot realize my full potential, because - through either fear or apathy - I cannot make myself fully responsive to the world at large. I need to move beyond myself. Take the strength of my mind and apply it to the world. I need to develop my intellectual and social courage in much the same way I have developed my body from flabby to almost ok. I need to gain some strength. I need machismo. I need to jump out of my seat, run out into the street with the crazed look of a blind man who can suddenly see. I need to experience and I need to do. I need to grab life by the lapels, shake it around, and generally make it my woman. In short, I need a mustache.&nbsp;Ah, yes, the mustache: the facial hair of the man of action. Mustaches practically breath decisiveness. Quick, think of the mustache. Who comes to mind? Clark Gable. Magnum PI. Rollie Fingers. Cowboys. Every hero of every 70's cop movie or television show. Barber shop quartets. Porn stars. Groucho Marx. Every state trouper. All men of action. Men who know who they are, know what they want, and get it. That is the power of the mustache.&nbsp;So, is it any wonder that I, weak willed as I am, long for a mustache, would treasure a mustache, would comb it thrice daily, would wax the ends into intricate curly-Q's. I quake with desire for a mustache. I have started growing one. I picture it in my minds eye, thick and full, flowing down the corners of my mouth, covering my upper lip in a luxurious facial hair canopy of manhood. I see myself on job interviews, employers falling all over themselves to have me be a part of their company. "By George," they'll say, "just take a gander at that magnificent mustache. We must employ that man. Quick get the benefits package together." I can see myself at the bars and the clubs. I can see the women swooning over me. "By George," they'll say, "look at that mustache. He is clearly more man than the rest of these bare lipped fools. Quick, we must go lavish feminine attention upon him."&nbsp;I am growing my mustache. It is currently little more than stubble at the moment. I am sure that I will have to withstand the horrible, 'I think a caterpillar died on your upper lip' stage of mustache growth, the stage which most men cannot progress past. I know that some people are going to sneer and mock my mustache. "By George," they'll say, "You look like a pervert (or a pedaphile, or a member of the village people, or Teddy Roosevelt)." I can handle this. I will simply laugh it off, because I know - deep down I just know - that mustaches are kick ass, and those losers are only jealous of the power and the majesty that is the mustache.&nbsp;I also know that some people are skeptical. Not so much toward the power of the mustache - which is undeniable - but toward my ability to handle responsibly the greatness of the mustache. These people may argue that you must first have the mustache attitude then the mustache follows naturally. That to grow the mustache and then hope for the attitude is a fools errand. "By George," they are probably saying, "this chap's mustache will surely wither and die upon his lip. The attitude predicates the mustache, not vice verse." Now, this is a very interesting question. It has a number of philosophical facets dealing as it does with issues of causality, individuality, and personality. So, I must be careful in addressing this objection. However, I feel that I am up to the challenge. So, to these people I say: EAT IT!! I'm growing a mustache and that's all there is to it. The mustache is going to be kick ass and so am I. If you losers can't handle that, you better shut up and get out of my way. Because, by George, I'm growing a mustache and I'm coming through. There is no stopping me now. Nothing can stand in the way of the mustache. Nothing......Unless, of course, my mom doesn't like it.&nbsp;Shalom
My brother has been feeding me these ridiculous-but-true facts all day now (I am guessing he was literally saving them for a rainy day)... and there was one that really stuck out in my mind.That of the British-Zanzibar War, the shortest war in history.So I decided to google this so-called war to find out more about it.What I found was an intriguing journal entry written by the incredibly mysterious Sultan of Zanzibar.What follows is a series of fateful entries written on the day of the war.August 22, 6amDearest Journal, today I have been appointed the SULTAN of ZANZIBAR!How sweet is that?Of course, given the circumstances of my appointment, I must take this job with merely a grin instead of a full-blown crescent moon smile.My father, the long-time Sultan Tad Storkensburg, died last night of irritable bowel syndrome.I think there was something in his Zanzibarian Burger that really disagreed with him.Alas, I mourn my father's gruesome and disgusting death, and I welcome my new title of Sultan!It's so much cooler than "Saltine."My first act as Sultan is to stand up to those awful Brits.The Brits and the Germans have been fighting over my island for years now, and I'm damn sick and tired of it.The Brits keep wanting this island so they can move into Africa, the Germans want this island so they can put a Volkswagon factory on it.Zanzibar is my homeland, as obscure and ridiculous as that sounds, and I will not let it slip into the hands of the straightbacks from the north!So, after speaking with Germany, they've decided to back me up as I stand up to the Brits.My dad had good relations with those limey bastards for years, but now that he's out of the way I'm gonna kick some ass!August 22, 1896 9amDearest journal, I just declared war on the Brits.I know what you're thinking... I'm in office for three hours and I already declared war on the biggest nation in the world.Maybe I was a little hasty, but I stand by my decision.I declared war about twenty minutes ago, and I'm ready for whatever they are going to throw at me!I have 2,500 Arab troops ready and willing to be slaughtered for the well-being of Zanzibar.I also have this really boss gold cannon from 1658.Back in the day, I hear, we used to use this cannon for everything... we even fought off the Egyptians or something.But ever since then it's been sitting in front of the Zanzibarian Court House just collecting dust.I also got this sweet old ship...it's like a wooden viking boat.Only it's not a viking boat because vikings didn't come down here... often.August 22, 1896 9:05amDear J-Dog, The British are pretty much surrounding the island with their large-ass ships.Any normal Sultan would be thinking he had made a mistake, but I know I'm doing the right thing.I will be the Sultan to end all Sultans!Let it be known that Reggie Storkensburg, The Sultan of Zanzibar, was the most courageous leader ever.With the exception of Jesus.Anyways, right now we are sort of waiting... my troops are just sitting on the beaches playing card games and volleyball and the British keep cocking their rifles at us.I hope something happens pretty soon, I have a tennis date with the Czar of Uberbeckingstand at noon.Did I spell his country right?Oh well, no one's gonna read this anyways.August 22, 1896 9:15amShit!Snap!Dag!Holy flaming crap!The Brits have decided to start shooting cannon balls at my island!One shot took out 500 of my troops, who were in the middle of a round robin volleyball tournament on the north shore!I have decided to bring out my golden cannon, which I have named "Fat Man."I have three cannon balls, which I have named "Little Boy."Those Brits are going to have some trouble coming there way as soon as Fat Man shoots the Little Boys!August 22, 1896 9:25amThis isn't going at all like I had planned.August 22, 1896 9:35amOkay, okay, okay, all of my troops are dead.That's what I get for hiring all these Arabs to do the job... everyone knows Arabs can't swim!My viking ship has been totally destroyed, even worse they spray painted a giant space gun on the side of it before they set it on fire.Those British sure do know how to make you feel stupid.Although I must stay that they aren't nearly as polite as everyone thinks.Let's just hope my cannon holds out!August 22, 1896 9:37amMurphy's Law kicked in... my uber-boss cannon just burst into flames!It's made of gold, how did this happen?!August 22, 1896 9:45amDear Journal, you are now looking at the former Sultan of Zanzibar... that's right.I gave up.I couldn't take it anymore!The Brits had me backed up against the wall here.And so after 45 minutes of being pummeled by these jerks, I gave up.I kinda forgot that my population consisted of just 2,500 Arabs, and since they were all dead now... I figured I might as well cut my losses and live to rule another day.Luckily, my sausage-welding friends from Middle Europe, let me stay at their consulate.Those Germans are alright, ya know?I mean, they really know what they are doing, and I wouldn't be surprised if they really make a difference in the world.I'd stake my Sultan reputation on it.Anyways, goodbye my lovely journal... the Germans won't allow me to bring this into the consulate, so I must leave it on this board and float it out to sea.Maybe someday those Brits will find it and see all of the stuff I said about em.Won't they feel bad!-33-Wow.That Sultan was a cool dude. 
Those of you who keep up with the news - I know you're out there somewhere - will most likely remember the big story about the Super Strong Mutant German Boy a few weeks back. For those of you who only get your news from 'Entertainment Tonight' - I know you're out there everywhere - allow me to enlighten you. It was recently revealed that a boy in Germany (I want to say he's currently 5 years old) was born with a genetic mutation - yes, I said genetic mutation - which has caused him to grow muscles at a prodigious, unnatural rate. He can already lift more weight than some full grown adults. He could probably lift two Mary-Kate Olsens straight over his head, but only one and a half Ashley Olsens. So, the Super Strong Mutant Boy - who I will from this point on refer to as SSMG boy, or better yet, as SSMuG Boy, or even better still, smug boy - being a true genetic freak, was paraded around the news for attention.Now that a few weeks have gone by and most of the news has moved on to new stories, something about smug boy still bothers me. No, it's not that there's a five year old out there who can kick my ass. I've been getting my ass kicked by five year olds for years. It no longer bothers me. What bothers me is how the whole thing was covered. It was seen as a medical, scientific miracle. Something to be studied. Maybe this boy's DNA could unlock keys to healing those with debilitating diseases, or lead to a safer alternative to steroid therapy. While this is all good and wonderful, I can't help thinking the news media has missed the main story. This kid is a genetic mutant - a MUTANT. Doesn't anyone understand what this means? The age of the X-Men could very well be upon us. This kid could be a member of the first generation of genuine, real super heroes and super villains. Smug boy's a German so, obviously, he's destined to be a super villain.This is huge, and the news media completely dropped the ball. We could be heading toward a war of humans vs. Mutants, or humans and good mutants vs. evil mutants, or good humans/mutants vs. evil humans/mutants, or, most frightening yet, everybody vs. evil shepherds. This could be the most dynamic time in human history as super powerful mutants with a proclivity toward spandex rise to power.Still, I don't want to rush to any judgment. That's why I didn't write this post weeks ago when the story was fresh. I needed to take some time and see if I could confirm my suspicions. If the age of the X-men is truly upon us, then other mutants must be out there within a generation or two of smug boy. Surely, at least some of these people are already adults and have used their powers to move into a position of power and fame. All I need is to use my keen power of perception and my television remote to weed them out. I want everyone to sit down. It is time for me to announce my findings. After days of study including extensive reading, monitoring of television broadcast, and three square meals a day, I have determined that the age of the mutant is indeed upon us. In fact, it is much more extensive than I first suspected.My first tip was Ken Jennings. Ken Jennings, for those of you not in the know, is the man who has been Jeopardy champion for almost 30 days. I've been monitoring him with much interest. He is almost unbeatable. His trivial knowledge and thumb reflexes are clearly superior to the average man's. Clearly, Ken Jennings is a mutant who was born with an abnormally large Trivial Cortex - the part of your brain set aside for facts on the court of King Edward II and other such tid bits - as well as genetically advanced thumbflexes - sorry about the technical terminology; it's unavoidable. So, now the only remaining question is whether or not Ken Jennings is a super hero or a super villain. Let's look at the facts: ken Jennings is Super intelligent, kind of weasely looking, and Mormon. Clearly, he's a super villain.Also, there's Saddam Hussein. He's been in the news a lot due to his trial in which he has exhibited mutant like abilities. In the face of a criminal court, with a possible death penalty in the mix, Saddam had the guts to defend his actions. He even claimed to still be the president of Iraq. Clearly, Saddam has been born with large - unnaturally, mutantly large - balls. Good thing we already have him in custody. Also, the whole genocidal mad man thing kind of indicates he just might be a super villain, not a super hero.So, I found 3 mutants, then last night I hit the motherlode: VH1's 'I love the 90's'. I'm sure everyone's familiar with the the VH1 specials. You may think they're harmless or you may think they're annoying, but - after my discovery - everyone's going to find them terrifying. All the commentators on 'I love the 90's' are mutants. Every last one of them from the annoying guy from 'Talk Soup' to the annoying guy from 'Ed'. This is the first evidence I have found of a conglomerate of mutants. Not only are they all mutants, they're all mutants in the same way. They have all been born with the uncanny - that's right, uncanny - ability to maintain a career in entertainment with no discernible talent. Clearly, all these people were born with a genetically advanced Zsa Zsa gland - or what scientist often refer to today as the Keanu/Shore gland. This gland controls dumb luck and the ability to be on television with nothing to say. Most frightening of all, these celebrity mutants are all super villains. It's obvious. They don't have an airplane. All teams of super heroes have a tricked out plane. In absence of a plane, it becomes obvious that this mutant team is truly evil.Finally, I feel the need to take a closer look at myself. What if I am a mutant? It's worth a look. Let's see. I'm not super strong. I have decent hearing, but not mutant hearing. I have bad eyesight. My sense of smell is average. I can't shoot any kind of laser from my eyes. When I touch other people the only thing that happens is I get slapped. After jumping off my garage I've confirmed that I can't fly. My bones do break. I'm balding. I'm unemployed. I live with my parents. I have no real drive to accomplish anything in my life... Oh, my god... I am a mutant. Can't you see? I've been born with a genetically superior apathymous. I have powers of apathy far beyond that of the average person. The best part, I'm not a super hero or a super villain. You actually have to care to be labeled either of those. I've been born with the only great power which does not come with great responsibility. I can live with that...I guess...whatever.Shalom 
Tomorrow I turn the ripe old age of 19...a year that just doesn't seem as special as the past three.Think back, have you ever heard anyone say, "I can't wait to turn 19!"It's the minor rift after the big waves caused by birthdays 16-18.These milestones, to which like all kids, have always held things that I have always looked forwards to.When you turn 16, you can drive; when you turn 17, you can see R-Rated movies; when you turn 18, you can do all sorts of things; but when you turn 19... well.Turning 19 not only fails to unlock any new abilities (if you want to look at this like it's a videogame) but it also leaves you, at least in my family, poor and lonely.In my family, you have birthday parties until you are 12, and you get presents from your relatives until you are 18.After that you are considered an "adult" and subject to moneyless cards, a birthday dinner and a pat on the back.That isn't to say I'm some sort of ungrateful punk... but knowing that nothing special is happening makes my birthday, once a sacred event that balanced my year with Christmas, is now a holiday about as important as Arbor Day or Boxing Day in Canada.They (society?) really should have spaced out everything you can do when you turn 18.Is it really necessary to make the age of 18 such a gateway to the world, when 19 and 20 have absolutely nothing special going on.Since turning 18, I've been able to drive after midnight , buy lottery tickets, get into strip clubs, buy pornography, purchase tobacco products, drink and gamble on international waters, drive out of state, and date people only older than 18 (which made for a few laughs when I was dating Aubrey).But aside from driving out of state and driving past 11PM, I haven't really taken advantage of my 18 year old status.So why not push the porn related abilities back to 20, and the lottery tickets and tobacco back until I'm 19.Then I have something to look forward to each year, although that 20th birthday would be sort of weird.That, or they can just make other things off limits, and have them be available to me after I turn 19.Like purchasing computer parts.You don't really need to do dabble with the inner workings of your computer until you are out of high school.Ban eating peas until you are 19, so you are mature enough not to scatter them all over your plate and dining room floor.You also shouldn't be allowed to become a pop idol until you are 19, nor are you allowed to become a sex symbol until that time (I've decided on waiting until I'm 25 to do either of those things... personal rule.)And so by now you should be feeling pretty bad for me and my pitiful age of 19... but don't!My birthday is actually going to be a good day, I assure you!I have decided to overcome adversity and ignore the fact that I can't do anything new during my 19th year on this earth.So instead I am getting fed all day.Tomorrow I plan on waking up, pouring some water on the floor for my homies, and heading over to my beloved Aunt's apartment for french toast.Then it's off to lunch with a friend... and then coffee with another friend.No sooner will I arrive home will I be eating some more, this time it's my birthday dinner cooked by Mom.So if anything, maybe I will gain some weight the day I turn 19!I'm very thankful for my 19 years, and I'm only sort of thankful for looking like I've only been around for 13 years.But hey, at least now I can buy lottery tickets and eat peas! 
Today more than one bird flew into the screen that I have in my bedroom window. My room is not that interesting, nor does it look appealing to birds (no worms or bird porn). Now I realize I've blogged a lot, so that means I'm bored and need a real job, just like my mom keeps telling me. If there is anyone out there who knows about birds, maybe they can tell me why birds seem to flock to the roof of my front porch. It's very strange. I live in the middle house of five row houses. But the birds hang out on the edge of the roof of my roof only. All the roofs are red. They all look the same. In fact, they are all beveled the same, so what makes my roof different?I know my house is a party house. It's had a history of good parties, not least of which was our halloween party last year. So maybe there's a good bird vibe on the porch roof. The thing that kinda creeps me out is the fact that birds come from all over the neighborhood to do it on our roof. I'm serious! I just noticed something different about our roof. Since we're in the middle, we have a little wooden knob sticking up in the center. And I just remembered seeing birds hanging out there a lot. Maybe that piece of wood is like the bird throne. And whoever sits on it gets all the chicks...literally. Now I'm no ornithilogical Dr. Ruth, but maybe there's something to that place on our roof. I don't watch the birds having sex, but on more than one occasion, I've been awakened to loud bird noises close to my head and I slowly open my eyes to witness hot heavy freaky bird lovin' right on my roof. That's not as bad as the night my bed was right by the window and my head was right by the window. I heard a noise and turned over and I was looking a racoon square in the face. We both screamed and he took off. I see birds come over and chirp and then other birds join it and the sex is on!I wish there was a human equivilent to saying "Hey, I'm on the bird throne, come over here so I can do you." Life would be a lot simpler. 
Now, most of my blogs are indeed not funny, just sort of ranting. Well this one is no different. I have a friend that went back to school. He's a little older than me and last night at about 1 AM we had a discussion on the computer about politics. He went to an "We hate Bush" kind of rally in Oakland. He said I would have not liked it since I was "one of those..you know Rs." (republicans, which seems to now be the party of the people strangely enough from what the news says. They want to give the power to you instead of taking it and letting decisions be made by the government, cause apparently the democrats know what I need more than I do! But that’s another argument)He then proceeded to say that the whole system needs to be changed. I was like "What? What? What?" a la Kyle's mom on South Park. He said democracy exploited people. And I laughed and asked what system does not? Democracy is the longest running and most successful political experiment in all of the world's history. He argued that monarchies were longer, so I had to point out that every time a new king or queen takes the throne, it's a whole different government. We've had the same government for centuries now. How awesome is that? It may not be perfect, but it's the best there is. I asked him for alternatives. He said ... socialism. Which of course can't work in a country as large in land and population as the US. There are places like Norway that have socialistic tendencies and they work for the small freezing country of the hot, tall, and all super white. He said you just have to have enough people to want it, that’s all. That’s all? That’s the hardest thing of all and that’s why it won’t work. Cuba has been trying for a long time to be a communist state. They have a small population and small amount of land to control, and THEY can’t even get their shit together. There are less minds to change there than anywhere else.This is why communism is absolute horseshit.Here’s an example: You’re at a store. The clerk says, “I’ll give whoever gets to the counter first all their stuff for free, or you can both get here at the same time and I’ll give you 50% off.” Now, some people would want to work together, but most people would be like “screw him” and try and get free stuff. We are ready to screw the other person for personal gain. There can be none of those people at all for communism or true socialism to work. Personally, I’m glad to be one of those greedy bastards. That’s what makes our economy run: the search for more for me. I said that for any step towards a social society, you have to change the hearts of men and women, not the government. Government and indeed all sovereignty is granted by the people. So unless all the people want it, it doesn’t happen. You can’t change people’s heart with force. That will make them resent you and hate your happy, feel good government. He said it takes time. I told him that’s impossible. For as many as you change to your mindset, there will be changing back, or switching to the other side for the first time. The only way to change it is all together with a Marxist revolution (to see a great example of what that is, watch the movie ANTZ). You get rid of the people that don’t agree. The workers rise and revolt. And the world becomes a time share, kibbutz style. Communism is great on paper. Socialism seems even workable on paper. But there is one problem: people tend to be jerks. You go back to Marx and Rousseau and they think people are naturally good. But there is a whole other camp of people that think people are naturally bad. I’m in the latter simply because if we were meant to be good, it’d be a lot easier to be good than bad. So while communism is a fun thing to talk about in college, and even a nice daydream. It’s never going to happen cause someone will always take advantage of the situation. Read Animal Farm by Orwell. All there needs to be in one person to screw it up. With democracy, if one person is screwing up, the people kick his or her ass to the curb. That’s why we need to vote. You do have the power, like He Man. People discount that power, but it’s tough, and right now, mostly old people use it. So get out of your peace and love hippy haze, your happy land of suger plum trees and lollipop lakes and wake up and smell the crusty burnt 7-11 coffee at the bottom of the pot. Democracy is ever changing and slightly flawed but anything else just doesn’t make sense. So yes, communism is horse shit.
Now I know some people see me as the epitome of whiteness. I'm clearly on the bottom rung of middle class. I'm tall, well liked, can go to the bank and find I have good credit, went to college, did fairly well.But yet there's something else. I mean I severely attracted to women of color. My last two girlfriends were black and puerto rican. In my mind, this begs the question: Am I really as white as people think I am? I mean I can dance. I can understand and use correctly almost all hip-hop slang. I have a very Jewish sense of humor. I love soul food and tex mex. And I adore both Chinese food and little children (Let's face it, they are the cutest.)Maybe this has happened because of my life experience. I mean I did work with a hugely diverse population when I was in Austria. And now I work almost exclusively with African American children and am often the only non-black person in the room. But I liked southern food well before that. Although, thank God for my discovering greens. If you have never had them.....mmmmmm. It's a vegetable that tastes like meat. Can it get better? No, I think not. Plus, you can't work in Shadyside with kids and parents and not have a little Jewishness rub off. After my second summer there, "Oy vey" became part of my regular conversation. Of course, it might also be because I'm so German. We got fatty foods and mass genocide to look back on, and no one's smiling at that. I do enjoy a good polka or Weiner Shnitzel every now and again, and I was glad for the Austria experience to catch a little of my ancestry. I think what's really going on is I'm part of a new melting pot in America that is strictly culteral. Our hearts are melting and we're sharing customs, foods, games, whole cultures. Plus, we have a new world culture that is based on the internet, video games, anime, and cell phones. It's a weird esperonto-like phenomenon that's working. the shorthand of instant messaging is becoming a new form of spelling. Kindegarteners are more computer literate than me. We still label people by their skin color, but we're so different inside. It's like people that say their outside is male, but the inside is female. Maybe my outside is white and my inside is latino. 
I am writing to inform everyone that my life has officially bottomed out. Now, I'm not writing this for pity. I'm not writing this out of some sick,therapeutic need to purge every little detail from my soul - which, from my limited experience, seems to be all the rage amongst bloggers. No, I write this because it's really quite amusing. Amusing in a bitter-my-life-is-going-no-where sort of way, but amusing none the less.You see, I was turned down for a job at Burger King. I don't mean to toot my own horn or anything, but I am pretty sure that I'm qualified. Heck, some may even call me over-qualified. After all, I am college educated. I graduated from a decent school - Grove City College - with decent grades - (ahem)magna cum laude (ahem). I'm sure no one else working at Burger King is capable of the following conversation: "Sir, your fries will be up in a second. In the meantime, why don't we discuss Bahktin's concept of dialogic?" True, that knowledge doesn't really come in handy at Burger King. As a matter of fact, as I've discovered, it really doesn't come in handy anywhere.The really weird thing is I kinda wanted the job at Burger King. I am practically broke. The money, while far from ample, would be appreciated. The hours would've been alright. Plus, it's not like it's my long term career goal. My long term career goal is to drive the Oscar Mayer wiener mobile. Ahh, dreams.And I have other problems too. My car - the '93 Lumina I affectionately call 'The Silver Bullet' - is in dire need of brake work. They squeak and squeal and grind. I only turn up the radio. What I can't hear, doesn't exist. My parents - instead of hounding me to move out - have become far too acceptive of my presence. They now make long term plans assuming I will be living at home. I'm not talking about a couple of months in advance. I'm talking about retirement plans. This is somehow much more depressing than having them hound me. I think even my parents have lost hope in me.I do have some plans, secret untested ways to make some cash. I think I might befriend an eccentric billionaire, get in on his will and then the next thing you know the cops are over and I'm saying: "I dunno officer. He musta just fell down the stairs." If I can't shut my conscience up long enough to do that I've got back ups. For instance, I am currently selling advertising space on this blog. For a small, negotiable fee I will head each post with my current sponsor - I can just see it: 'Today's blog entry is brought to you by preparation H, preparation H, for all your hemorrhoid needs'. I could also slyly insert advertising subconsciously into the blog entries. Hold on while I take a long, slow sip of an ice cold Coke-a-cola. Mmmm, nothing satisfies like Coke on a hot day. Now where was I? Oh yes, hair brained schemes for money. Now it's time for my favorite scheme. You know how people pay good money for those fancy psychiatrist and therapist with their fancy degrees in their field and all they do is listen to you and offer no advice? Well, I figure I could do that. I can listen to people complain about their lives and their parents. I can offer no solutions. And I could do it for a whole lot less money. So, I'm glad to announce that I'm now an official unlicensed therapist. For only $10 an hour I will listen to your problems. For $13 an hour, I'll pretend to care.So, even though my life has hit rock bottom, do not despair for me. I've got my ideas and my creativity. I am sure that I'm going to make it after all, and someday, someday I am going to drive than wiener.Shalom 
As I'm sure all of you know - or at least I hope you do - we are in the midst of an election year. Come November we Americans - or at least the 30% of us who vote - will go out to the polls and cast our lot with either George W. Bush or John Kerry. This is a momentous decision, but if you are like an ever growing number of people I run into, you don't really care. This is especially painfully true of our young people. Yes, I know - as I posted on our previous, long forgotten blog - voting isn't cool. It never has been nor never will be. So, I think what young people need is a candidate they can really get behind.With this said, I would like to take this moment to declare my candidacy for the Presidency of the United States of America. Yes, I know according to the so-called 'Constitution'I am too 'young' to run for president. To this charge I only have one reply: constitution shmonstitution. I have my right to seek gainful employment and I shouldn't be blocked. This rule is clearly biased against the young. This is the same reason high schoolers can play in the NBA. Now all I need to find is some judge to eviscerate the constitution. That shouldn't be hard. It's what they seem to do.Now that that's out of the way, I know what your next question is: "But James why should we vote for you?" A very good question, deserving of a very good answer. So why should you vote for me. Because I'm super cool, that's why. But don't take my word for. My mom thinks I'm super cool too. She also thinks I'm very handsome and quite a catch. So, there naysayers. You don't hear Bush or Kerry's mothers saying that. Still not convinced? Want to know where I stand on the issues, what my platform is? Fine. I now proudly unveil the platform which will carry me to victory come November. I, James Catullo, promise the following:1) Mondays, according to my careful research of Garfield comics, are the worse day of the week. Therefore, once I am president, I shall declare that every Monday morning from 10:30 to 11 AM be dubbed 'Dance Party USA'. During this time, according to the law, all business shall cease and all Americans shall dance as they see fit.2) The band Nickelback will stop recording and touring.3) I will lower taxes.4) All Americans will be able to declare 1 personal holiday a year. On their personal holidays people will be excused from work or school. This holiday can be any day and for any reason. If you wish to spend the day at home in observance of Scott Baio's birthday, so be it.5) Women will want to go out with me. I'm adding it to the constitution. Either they go out with me or they go to prison.6) I will build more prisons to house the expected millions of women who still won't go out without me.7) I will cut the size of government.and finally...8) I will change the national anthem to 'The Hustle.' This way whenever an American Olympic athlete wins a gold medal, he or she will do a reverent and tearful rendition of 'The Hustle' on the winners podium. And that's funny. So, come November remember you have another choice besides Bush or Kerry - and no, I don't mean Nader. When you vote, America, I want you to remember the only candidate who really knows what it means to be American. I want you to remember the only candidate who speaks to you in the language you understand, the language of old sitcoms. Most of all America, I want you to remember: DO THE HUSTLE!! (do do do do do do do)Shalom 
Now, as little mike aforemantioned, there is a new theatre in beaver county.May I echo that it does indeed beat the pants off the old Carmike Theatre across the way.To start, it cost 7 dollars for a movie.Carmike, $7.50.Now not just the ticket prices, but everything has prices that small, significant ammount lower that you could say, YEA! it's better, And Cheaper. Now i saw Spiderman 2 last night, and I'll say i didn't like it as well as the first.Yes, the CGI is a bit cleaner, and the build up was good, but the story was not as... well... "yea that kicks ass"-esque.A fight scene with Doc. Octopus cuold have gone longer and been better (a significant source of untapped territory), and the plot somewhat turns you against spidey, but a scene with a runaway train was done very well. But that is not why i Blog for you today!The eason is simple...Donnie Iris. As i left work on wed. it was aobut 6:50 when i heard on the radio, DVE nonetheless, that Michelle Michaels was at the new Cinemark Theatre in Monaca, and she was antici...........pating the concert event of the week... Donnie Iris and B.E. Taylor would be performing an acoustic set at the opening of the new Theatre. Holy King of Cool Batman!I had to get down there!So going as fast as the legal limit would allow me, I raced over the the Lowes Shopping center to catch the cool King, B.E., and some kick ass guitarist named Rick belting out 8 Days A Week, Rocky Racoon, I wanna Hold Your Hand, Love is like a Rock, Vitimin L, Ah Leia, and The Star Spangled Banner for an encore.It was so great.Plus i won a free T-shirt for an upcoming movie called "Harold and Kumar go to White Castle"And an Allman Bros. CD. All in all, a great compilation of events for a wednesday night.
"Hey, a prisoner on death row escaped in his incredible flying machine!He's getting away, quick turn on the spotlights and try and find him!"I can only hope that someday, that is a possibility, just so there can be more spotlights in the sky.I really don't think there are enough... at least not around here.I'm sure in Hollywood they have millions of spotlights (of course they are harder to see due to the intense smog and their even more intense governor.)Around Beaver County, however, these things are pure luxury that comes around ever few years.Let's see... I remember spotlights for the new Wal-Mart that opened (so they can let everyone know where to protest, of course), there were spotlights when Lowe's opened (I think Lowe's actually sells spotlights, actually...) and the Mall had spotlights years ago when they remodeled it.And of course we have a spotlight just dedicated to the Beaver County superhero: The Cruiser (he tends to concentrate his powers while sitting in front of his '72 mustang at the county's weekly car cruises...)There were spotlights in the sky last night.In a weird twist, they were not only buzzing around to celebrate the opening of a Spider-Man 2, but also to celebrate the opening of a brand new Cinemark movie theater.Two great reasons to have spotlights in the sky.My area of Beaver County, which houses the tri-shopping mecca of Wal-Mart plaza, Lowe's Plaza, and the Beaver Valley Mall, is now experiencing its consumer renaissance. The trend nowadays has moved beyond strip malls, outlets, and indoor malls and has moved to the "shopping village."It's a set of malls, warehouse stores, and strip outlets along with a movie theater and a ton of over-priced restaurants (the kind that have their walls covered with crazy crap).And that's when that area becomes known only for its stores.For example, Robinson Twp, Cranberry, Boardman.Three huge shopping meccas that I only know because I go there to shop and have a good time.I have heard rumors that people actually live in these places, going about their daily lives and ignoring the frightening things that are operating right down the street (kind of like the folks that live near the power plant).Is this the fate of my town and my county?And really... is that a bad thing?Last night marked the grand opening of a new Cinemark movie theater in the area.12 theaters, stadium seating, surround sound, and reasonably priced tickets.This, of course, beats the pants off of our former theater, which could be described as "malnourished," which had eight theaters, sticky and flat floors, ripped seats, and ticket prices that required you to take out a loan.Did I mention they only got the "big" movies?Hopefully our new neighbors at the Mark will be wise enough to get me some juicy independent movies... or at least the new Woody Allen movie coming out this fall.Now I haven't been to this theater yet, although that will change when I go there tonight, but I hear its pretty nice.It sits in the newest of the shopping centers in Beaver County.There is a brand-new Shop n Save and the aforementioned Lowe's right next door.And they are in the process of building a Starbucks (yes!), a Olive Garden, Red Lobster, Home Depot, and Best Buy all within the next couple years.We are truly on our way... and I couldn't be happier about it!Sure this may bring a tad more traffic, but these things are far enough away from my house that I won't be bothered.And at the same time, I won't have to drive 30 minutes to get to the stores I love.Most of the people in Beaver County leave the county to go shopping, and now all of that money will stay here!And so in conclusion, I welcome you new theater.I thank you for riding in on a horse that looks and sounds wonderful, for bringing Spider-Man 2 with you (a movie that I've not only been looking forward to, but will totally knock Michael Moore out of the box office), and for further murdering live theatre in Beaver County! 
There is a great and vile evil roaming free upon our land, a pestilence, a blight upon the very soul of our great country. Nothing can divert this rank villainy. What, you might ask, could be so foul? Is it AIDS? Is it poverty? Is it rhetorical questions? No. No. No. I am talking about a plague at once more benign and more devilish than any of these. I am talking about a scourge which wants nothing more than to ruin your good times. I am talking about those idiots who bring guitars to parties and want to 'jam'.If you attend a good number of gatherings, get togethers, parties, and the like, there is a good chance you know exactly what I am talking about. You go to a party, and everything's A-Ok. There's food, people, your choice of fine beverages. People are talking, joking, laughing, having an all around good time. Then, Like a foreboding crack of thunder in the distance, someone brings in his guitar. This is quickly followed by the realization that many people have guitars. Often they drop everything they are doing and run to their car to get them. Eventually, someone suggest that all the guitar players get together somewhere - often in right in the middle of the party - and jam.For those of you who don't know what I mean by 'jamming', allow me to enlighten you. To jam in the musical sense - as opposed to the raspberry preserve sense - has, in my experience, two definitions. Definition one: What happens when a group of talented musicians get together and play music in a fun and unencumbered way. Definition two: What happens when drunk douche bags get together with guitars - not necessarily in tune - at a party and proceed to annoy anyone who isn't playing. As you can see, jamming in the former definition is fine and I have no problem with it. Jamming in the latter sense however is not fine and I despise it. It has yet - even once - to add anything positive to any party I've ever been to. Quite the contrary, it often ruins parties. It makes conversation more difficult. It's never as entertaining to the people not jamming as it is to the people jamming. As a matter of fact, jamming has the knack of bringing parties to a grinding halt. People are held captive by these idiots - who always play way too loud. The enjoyment of the masses is negated for the enjoyment of a small group of morons.Now here's the real problem. In every group of jammers - I think I just coined a phrase - there is one guy who is really, genuinely good, and it would probably be okay if just this one alpha guitarist would play by himself. It would be kind of the low rent equivalent of the smooth jazz pianist at high society functions. However, people with guitars always materialize around this alpha guitarist and start jamming with him. This is patently absurd. At the aforementioned high society functions you never hear this said to the smooth jazz pianist: "Dude, I've got a key board in my car. I'm totally going to get it and we are totally going to jam." It just doesn't happen in civilized society.Of course, the people who join the alpha guitarist are of variable skills. There are usually one or two guys who more or less know what they're doing: play things in the right key, keep rhythm, know a bunch of cords. Even this is kind of OK. At least it doesn't sound horrible. But this is never how it goes because, invariably, the group is joined by some guy - sometimes guys - who just sucks. This guy always plays too loud, plays in the wrong key, and for some reason can't keep his guitar in tune. Now the alpha and beta guitarist - instead of doing the reasonable thing and telling the omega guitarist to get lost - have to play louder to cover up this travesty.To make matters worse. It always happens that no one knows the same songs. So you get one person trying to show another person how to play something, which they proceed to play poorly. For some reason, they manage to never play a song through the whole way. Often they'll spend twenty minutes noodling around on two or three cords which grows monotonous and dull. And through all of this, the other people at the party are just trying to have a good time. They want to talk to friends, meet new people, laugh, and whatnot, but those stupid jammers just refuse to go away. You can't talk over them. You can't talk to them - and I've had conversations end because all of a sudden my friend just had to jam. You can't even dance to them, because they usually really suck. They are like a black hole in the middle of the party, sucking the fun away from everyone else so that they are the only ones really enjoying themselves. At least they don't eat all the food.So, in conclusion, let me leave everyone with a good piece of advice. If you are going to a party and want to take a guitar with you, stop for a second. Now, ask yourself a few questions. Are you playing in a band that has been asked to perform at this party? Are you being paid to perform at this party? Are you going to a party where everyone - or at least a vast majority of the people - will jam with you or not mind if you jam? Are you Jimmi Hendrix? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then go, take your guitar. But if you answered no to all these questions, then LEAVE YOUR STUPID GUITAR AT HOME!!! Try having a conversation for a change. You might like it.ShalomP.S. I would like everyone's help with a very important decision. I have finally followed through on my promise - made here in this blog a few weeks ago - to grow a mustache. I have not shaved my upper lip for almost a week. As you might imagine, my mustache is in that strange, sleazy, half-there state at the moment. Now this doesn't bother me, but...I have a job interview tomorrow. Should I shave my dirt-stache for my job interview or just keep it? Seriously, I'd like to know what everyone thinks. Even if you don't know me, even if you find yourself on this blog on mistake or on a whim, let me know what you think. Just leave a comment and hopefully they will help me decide whether or not to shave. Thanks.shalom (again)
I got a new job! I'm going to sell insurance. That may not sound like much, indeed it's not the thrill a minute lifestyle I'm used to working with bad kids and all, but it's a good job that will pay well if I apply myself. The funny thing is that I will go broke before my job starts. I have to shell out about $300 to get licensed to sell insurance. And the job that I am doing is not paying me until the end of September I recently found out. So that sucks. Yet another reason why insurance will be good for me.Since I probably won't start the insurance job until the end of september, I need money now to pay these bills and so I can eat. So anyone have any odd jobs in the meantime? Very short term. I will clean your house! I will perk up your slacking young marriage if your wife is a looker. Will improv for dinner and $20! I also love charity. I ma not afraid of it.Excited in a happy way and a nervous way, Mike the Tall
Today, I have something to say which I usually do not have the luxury of saying. Today, something exciting happened. No, I did not discover that 'Boy Meets World' is on twice a day on ABC Family. I've known that for quite some time. I am talking about real excitement. I am talking about genuine heart pounding, pulse racing, bowel loosening, staring death in the face excitement. Of course, it's wrapped in the dull and mundane, but such is my life.Today, I was simply taking a short trip to good old Grove City - which for the uniformed contains no groves and is most certainly a city in name only. I was simply going about my normal activities. Going to the local library, scouring for work and the like. As I piloted my '93 Chevy Lumina - the very sexy, scantily rusted car I have dubbed 'The Silver Bullet' - toward a red light everything was going to plan. My mind was hardly on my driving. I was contemplating such lofty ideas as the responsibilities of free will and the uselessness of Aquaman, as I began to depress my brake pedal. Suddenly, to my abject horror, I found my foot and the pedal drop effortlessly to the floor of my car. There was no resistance, and - even more alarming - there was no deceleration. My brakes had given out.Now, I would like to say that I remained absolutely cool, calm, collected, poised, but I would also like to say that I run a small island nation in the South Pacific. Needless to say I panicked. There was a truck ahead of me stopped at the light. I was going to crash into it. I just knew it. My heart leaped up into my throat as my stomach dropped down into my bowels. Luckily, my liver stayed put. Sweat popped out along my forehead, and soaked my underarms. I actually made this sound: "DAAARRAARAAARGH!!!" Of course, this was screamed out like a little girl, with tears streaming down my face. I had never been more sure that disaster and, yes, maybe even death was inevitable.You may assume that my life flashed before my eyes, that I was treated to a kind of going away montage of my greatest hits. That is what people say happens, but it didn't happen to me. I didn't see my parents faces, or the lost loves of my life, or my missed opportunities. All I saw was the rear end of a Mack truck, getting progressively and unavoidably closer. Then again, maybe my life did flash before my eyes and I just didn't notice it. After all, most people don't notice my life. Why should I?Still, I was not consigned to disaster. I was not going down without a fight. This was not to be the end of James. Oh, no. So, I did the only things I could do: I prayed and I desperately tried the brakes again and again. I pumped those brakes for everything they were worth. Trust me, you could watch all the porn in the world and not see pumping as vigorous or hard as this. I hit those brakes with everything I had and prayed that somewhere, some how, my car had some residual memory of stopping, that there was just one more stop left in the old girl.I kept pressing harder and harder, until I thought that my foot would burst through the floor and drag along the pavement. Even then I would have remained pressing for dear life. Finally, a miracle happened. As I pressed harder, the car actually began to slow down, and not just from coasting. Somewhere, brakes were causing friction. I was slowing down. Joy of joys, thank you Jesus, I was slowing down. I was actually coming to a stop. I was going to survive. I was going to live. Of course, the braking power was pretty bad. I would still probably hit the truck.But no, with my new confidence. I had the wherewithal to turn myself onto the shoulder of the road completely avoiding disaster. Then, the light changed. The truck moved and I ever so carefully - never driving above 3 m.p.h - I was able to guide my wearied vessel into a parking lot to safety.The emergency had passed. I was safe. I was alive. Nothing bad had happened at all. I felt like dancing. I felt like singing. I felt like bursting out of my car and hugging and kissing every person - or any hot girls at least - in sight. Now safe, I felt life rush back into me. I had come so close to death, to tragedy, and I had avoided it by the narrowest of margins. I did the only thing I could do. I curled up into the fetal position and began sucking my thumb. After all, this really was quite a bit for my milquetoast soul to handle.Now, I could go on. I could tell you about the time spent in the parking lot stretched out on the hood waiting for AAA. I could tell you about Dave - the less than talkative flatbed driver. I could tell you how this caused yet another unforeseen charge to my already overused credit card. I could tell about all of this, but that is only the mundane shell, the ordinary part of this extraordinary adventure. I have ordinary adventures every day, and so do you. So, I'm simply going to leave it to the extraordinary today. Who knows when I'll have this opportunity again? Plus, 'Boy Meets World' is on.Shalom
Why does every computer come with solitaire? This is an evil, evil thing. Solitaire is a deceivingly simple game. And you think you can win all the time. I usually play until I win. This being the case, I often end up playing for hours! Hours! I could be writing the great American novel, but instead I am moving cards from one pile to another. Not even real cards but pictures of cards. It's not like I have nothing better to do. (Well, that's not always the case.)I have had problems in the past with gaming. It tends to take up a lot of my time. But it's a cheap addiction. I usually play some video game every day. I'd say on average I do 45 minutes a day on one of my game systems or my computer. While on my computer, I can do other things like surf the net, chat with friends, or actual work. But I realize that this vice is a cheap one. I figure I spend about $20 a month on this habit. When I went to Dave and Buster's a lot, it was probably twice that, but seeing as I'm close to broke that has stopped. It's way cheaper than cigarettes which is like $4 a pack now. It's even cheaper than buying a bottle of wine a week. Something else I wish I could do. And it's absolutely cheaper than whoring. They cost way too much for me. And they risk of disease and the pending medical bills from that is far more than I'm willing to spend. So video games is a good vice for me. It's controllable.The real problem is time. I have been a little late for work more than once cause I had to finish a game or get to a save spot. And the days in middle school when I was constantly hollered at for being late for the dinner table for similar reasons. But those were the days when you had to pause the game and go eat and come back. And God forbid something bump that nintendo. I wanted to kill the dog more than once for that.The other night I was tired and had to get something off my computer around about 11 PM. I began talking to Mike a little, and then I opened the solitaire game. Bad move. I like the Spider Solitaire which most people shy away from cause it's complex and stategy out the wazoo not unlike high level chess. And I don't mess around with the one or two suit games. It's four suit or nothing. The game is hard, but I can usually beat it in a few tries.Well, it got to be 11:30, I had to work at 8 AM the next morning and I had a long day. My eyelids were dropping. I was fallign asleep and my hand was still moving the mouse to move the cards. What the hell is wrong with me? I was falling asleep and I could not stop playing a dumb inconsequential card game! I was fighting sleep to try and win a card game. I just wanted to win. I just wanted it more than sleep.I'll have to reset my values: 1. Food 2. Sleep 3. Women 4. Video games Okay that's better.I'm going to get off the computer and shut off the solitaire. I mean I borrowed two games and I need to play them.
Now, I'm sure that no one - not even members of my own family - cares about this, but I just want everyone to know that I have a particular soft spot in my heart and upon my palette for fortune cookies. Even though I can hear everyone yawning at their computer monitors, I am going to proceed to praise the fortune cookie. I know it's an odd, not too mention a rather random thing to write about - especially considering that I haven't had Chinese in quite some time. I just like fortune cookies. I like the idea of a food that really says something. I like breaking things open only to find a special surprise. That's wonderful reinforcement for many of my more destructive desires. As a matter of fact I wish more things were like fortune cookies, and could be destroyed only to gather some greater wisdom. Wouldn't it be wonderful if Ming vases or Faberge eggs also contained notes or prizes inside. Wouldn't you just love to smash a priceless work of art to the ground only to find a little slip of paper with a message which automatically becomes hilarious once the words 'in bed' are amended to it?More than just the hidden prize qualities of fortune cookies, I actually really like their taste. I don't think enough people really think about eating fortune cookies. Everyone gets caught up in the breaking and reading, the actually eating of the fortune cookie often becomes a secondary concern. Eating the cookie is seen more as a neat way to dispose of refuse than something to be truly enjoyed. But next time you break apart one of these culinary mystery boxes, I want you too actually pay attention to eating it. I want you to enjoy the crunch, savor the delicate flavor. For me, this flavor will be forever linked to the late evening Chinese food that would be delivered in the college dorm. It's just wonderful.Despite all of this, there is, alas, one thing which can ruin the whole fortune cookie experience: not getting a fortune. You may know what I am talking about. Sometimes you don't get a true fortune. Sometimes instead of getting a real fortune, a glimpse into your future - something like, 'You will undertake a great journey' - you get a piece of advice, a goofy aphorism - such as, 'A man of wisdom is of great value'. Personally, I don't want to be lectured by my fortune cookies. I don't want to learn great life lessons. I want to know what's going to happen. I want a real fortune.Sadly, I fear these aphorisms are becoming more and more prevalent in fortune cookies. They are watering down the whole fortune cookie experience. They take away all the mystery of fortune cookies. They turn magic into morality lessons. Plus, they really suck for adding 'in bed'. In short, the aphorism fortune cookie message must be stopped. It's time for some one with a bold vision to step up to the fortune cookie plate and put an end to this madness. That's right, you guessed it, I want to write fortune cookie messages.While this may seem like a fairly easy task. 'Any one,' you may say to yourself 'can write vague generalizations about the future.' That is why I do not plan to be vague. I am going to be deadly specific. I feel this is a fantastic way to combat the growing wishy-washiness of the current fortune cookie environment. I also think they're much funnier this way. So now, without further ado, I present you with some of my test fortune cookie fortunes.'You are not going to score with your current date''Before midnight of this coming Tuesday you will find a priceless jewel in the restroom of a Greyhound station''You will be shot in the back of the head at a 7-11 while buying milk which is one day away from expiring''You will cut your toe-nails on Thursday, 10-ish, when you want to wear sandals but realize that you have disgusting toe-nails''Look to your left, look to your right. The person who's going to give you herpes is certainly in sight''You will call off work because you get really caught up in a lame VH1 countdown show. You will vehemently deny this, but your cover will be blown when accidentally mention that you think "The Final Countdown" by Europe is actually a rocking song despite it's place on the worst songs of all time list''The Canadian government will bug your phones and follow your every step simply because they can and they know no one is going to believe you''Suddenly, at the age of 78, you will realize that your whole life has been nothing but a sham. You have denied your dreams for too long, but now you are going to finally follow your dreams of becoming a world-renown tap dancer. You will follow your dreams by enrolling in a Performing Arts high school much like the one in the film Fame. While there you will fall in love with an instructor. However, knowing that your love is illicit and can never come to fruition, you sublimate all your feelings into your dancing. You dance like you've never danced before, because you haven't. Finally, on the day of the big all school talent show, you confess your feelings to the instructor. The instructor admits that he/she shares your feelings. With your heart full of requited love, you go on to give the most astounding performance the school has ever seen. After all the school has never seen a 78 year old freshman. After the talent show, a Broadway scout approaches you and offers you a part in the chorus in an upcoming big, Broadway musical. You accept. On the eve of the musicals big opening, the star breaks his/her leg. The crusty, but lovable, director chooses you from among the chorus to fill in. You succeed brilliantly. All the reviews gush about you. That evening you will die quietly in your sleep in bed.'Now, that's what I call a fortune.Shalom
I don't know who Allen Jacobs is, but it would be much appreciated if he were to stop using my e-mail address when signing on-line petitions. You see, just the other day I noticed something distinctly odd amongst the penis enlargement and home loan advertisements in my E-mail folder. There was a message entitled, "petition signature confirmed - I'm With Busey". This sent up a red flag in my head. Are they talking, I thought to myself, about that stupid reality show with Gary Busey and that guy who claimed to be a comedy writer even though he showed no sign of a working sense of humor? And, by the way, I have no idea why I use the 'they' pronoun, I guess I like to think of a vast underground network of people filling my inbox, instead of single, solitary nerds. Anyway, with my curiosity sufficiently piqued I opened the e-mail, and to my abject horror discovered that someone, this so-called 'Allen Jacobs', has signed, using my e-mail address, a petition to bring back the show 'I'm With Busey'.I was truly horrified. Trust me if 'I'm With Busey' makes it back on the air, I had nothing to do with it. I'm absolving myself of all guilt right now. It was all a horrible, horrible mistake. Whoever this Allen Jacobs is must have mistyped his e-mail address and come up with mine. Please, you have to believe me. I don't want 'I'm With Busey' back on the air. I would never knowing aid in unleashing such a devastating evil onto the world. I mean, this blog is bad enough, but, then again, I'm pretty much convinced no one reads this, so there's no harm here.Eventually, after much renting of clothes and gnashing of teeth, I calmed down and became quite curious. What is this petition? Where'd it come from? Are people actually signing this thing? Shouldn't Gary Busey be dead by now anyway? So, I read the entire e-mail message and found that the petition - and the e-mail - originated from PetitionOnline.com. So went to the sight and found the Busey petition. Apparently 'I'm With Busey' has - had? - fans, and they cannot imagine why this "innovative and creative" show would be canceled by Comedy Central "without any given reason." Apparently, these people are unfamiliar with a little thing I like to call the Nielson television ratings.Sufficiently satisfied the 'I'm with Busey' petition was mostly harmless, I decided to explore the site a little fuller. Let me tell you, a whole world opened up before my eyes. A world populated by obsessive dorks and losers with too much time on their hands and internet access. I felt right at home. People have petitions for everything. Some of them even made bringing back 'I'm with Busey' seem like a good idea. Why would anyone in his right mind sign a petition to keep 'On Air with Ryan Seacrest' true to its name? And that's not a rhetorical question. I really want to know. If you can fill me in, please do.There are a lot of odd petitions. Most of them having to do with bringing back canceled shows on sci-fi and stuff having to do with video games - which gives you a pretty good idea who the average users are. Mixed in amongst these typical internet type concerns where things such as a petition to prove that someone's ex boyfriend is a real 'Dick Eating Dick Face' and someone who desperately wants to see Bob's Big Boy make a comeback in the worse possible way - although, I'm pretty sure, Big Boy can't come back any other way. There was one really quaint petition entitled 'Stop the Hate' which was obviously posted by some well meaning, but utterly clueless liberal teenager. This ranks right up there with putting those stickers that say 'hating' at the bottom of stop signs. Sure, it's a swell message and all, but it doesn't really do anything but help the person who put it up feel good about himself. It's not as though a Klansman is going drive by one of those stop signs or see a petition against hate and all of a sudden clap his palm to his forehead exclaiming, "Stop hating, why didn't I think of that" - but then again I didn't actually look at the petition, just the name, it could be quite different from what I expect.Now, here's the part which really got me thinking. PetitionOnline.com bills itself as 'a premiere free speech forum.' While I agree that free speech is one of the most important rights reserved for us in the constitution, and that this site is certainly a forum for free speech, I would be a little wary about calling it premiere. Now, maybe the PetitionOnline creators started with noble causes, to, say, petition the government - which is expressly protected by the 1st amendment - but when the founding fathers added the first amendment I'm sure creating a petition to get a lame TV show back on the air wasn't high on their minds. I'm not saying that they'd be against it, but if they knew that people where using free speech to save 'I'm with Busey', they would most likely answer with a yawn - of course you'd first have to explain television to them and then give them some sort of idea what Gary Busey's like and then describe the show to them. "By Gum," they may say, "Sure we fought for freedom of speech, and your silly little petitions are cute and all, but doesn't anyone have anything real to say? Aggrievments to the government perhaps?" People fought and died for serious issues, not so some moron could sign a petition as 'BUTTSEX' - the same person listed his location as 'BUTTSEX' and left, as a comment, 'No, seriously, I like BUTTSEX'.It just seems that people use the term freedom of speech too loosely anymore. I don't think anyone should even mention it until they are seriously being quieted by the government. I'm tired of hearing people whine about freedom of speech because no one wants to listen to them. You're guaranteed the freedom to express, but not the right to a major forum or a willing audience. Although if there's one thing I've learned from OnlinePetition.com, no matter how lame an opinion you have, some idiots are going to be with you. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm bringing back 'Who's the Boss'.Shalom
					 						 Women can be so cruel.She was already at the bar when Alain opened the heavy door to the dingy saloon that over the last few months had become his regular choice for post workday drinking and relaxation.Alain never thought that he would ever be able to muster the self-esteem he thought was required to walk into a bar alone, order a drink and enjoy it quietly.He had sworn to himself, since his University days, that drinking was a social event.Therefore, a solo excursion to a bar would forever be helpless, lonely, and desperate.But he had never been very good at holding a grudge against himself and immediately attempted to contrive a sort of academic experience out of his current situation.This decision not to turn and flee lasted longer than he had expected.So, standing awkwardly in the doorway but with new resolve, he searched for the appropriate place to sit.Alain searched the few scattered faces around him.They all seemed vaguely familiar like extras in the predictable bar scene of some marginally interesting movie.For several years Alain had felt himself to be a marginally interesting character whose story, with an expert pitch, could find its way onto the big screen.But it would only be great once some big time actor pulled out the performance of a career by really capturing the dreary, selfish and pathetic excuse for optimism that propelled Alain through each day.After this realization, Alain had decided it would be best for the project if he never thought about it again but his current surroundings brought it back out of him.						 
					 						 The knight had been following me for several days.He was adorned in full suit of silvery armor that remained untarnished through thick brush, beaches and swamps.“What was his purpose?” I wondered to myself.As I climbed atop every new hill, I could look back and see an unrelenting glimmer from the previous one.He would always be there.So I decided to rest a bit and wait for him.The wind rustled through the long grass swaying around me.It seemed to whisper words of caution as I gazed at my determined pursuer.As the glimmer grew closer, I questioned whether this was in fact a wise decision.He could be hostile.If he were carrying news he would certainly not have made the journey in such attire.I tried to take my mind off him.This proved to be a much more difficult task than I had expected.When I turned away I could feel hot breath exciting the hairs on my neck.I could feel his cold blade turning my insides out as he took advantage of that one brief instant that I had let down my guard.I saw myself stepping away from his second slash, this time to my throat.But the damage had already been done.I cradled my organs, steaming in the autumn air, as they crept from the gaping wound he had delivered me.I fell to my knees.Each dancing blade of grass lashed at me with cruel joy, scratching and scraping my blood-soaked arms.My eyes filled with tears.I lifted my head to glimpse the two blurred suns hovering in the sky before me.I could feel the heat of both of them.With great pain I removed my right arm from the nest it had created around my pulsing wound and reached for the hotter and brighter celestial body.I wrapped my hand around the knight’s gauntlet, glowing white.All feeling and pain was redirected as the hot metal burned into my fingers, soldering my quivering flesh to his hard, forged glove.My palm gushed forth steam as it melted to the knight.I tried to tear my arm away but the pain was even greater than submittal.So I did my best to relax in this terrible state, for my end must certainly be drawing near.I must have passed out for only a minute, but it could have been a day for that matter.What must have awoken me was the intense heat building against my right cheek which was merely inches away from my attackers breastplate.I attempted to wriggle my right arm but to my horror it had vanished into the fiend up to the elbow.The knight was fusing me into his burning shell.I pulled furiously to detach my forearm which was now most certainly his.I cried out as my face pressed against his armor.The burning reignited in my brain as it began to boil and my howling was muffled, as I no longer had my mouth. 						 
					 						 This wedding was different than all the others.It was different in the way that everyone who attended the festive event died.Well, not everybody died.Just everyone who ate or drank at the splendid event died but even that was a pretty large number.The Bride’s family was dead and so was the Groom’s.It would later come out that unanticipated levels of poison where incorporated into the food and drink prepared for the glorious occasion.It would later be revealed that a wedding gift had been stolen from the Newlywed’s.However the ownership of the gift was called into question due to the unavailability of any beneficiaries.Therefore the gift had been stolen from the State.Investigators assigned to the case were tripled now that it was a State affair.It would later be discovered that no one had actually died at the once happy, once tragic ceremony.The theft was reclassified as a merely a family concern but the wheels had been set in motion.The transfer of ownership of the family property to the State, including stolen and non-stolen wedding gifts, had already been completed due to some excellent paper pushing by government officials.A top official made a formal apology to all in attendance who, at this time, were no longer dead but still asleep.What began as a simple misunderstanding between the State and two families would soon boil into a stew of bad feelings when the father of the bride appeared to refuse the offer of forgiveness by declining the government official’s handshake.Only reports of the non-death aspect of the case had been analyzed before the ill-fated apology took place.Immediately, the clerk responsible for handling the paperwork was promoted and shipped across the ocean.The day was declared a State holiday and all government employees were sent home with the day off with the exception of investigators assigned to the stolen property case, who were immediately paid overtime.This however did not help uncover any clues regarding the size, shape, weight, or whereabouts of the stolen gift.The previous owner of the gift was questioned but could provide no real insight due to the fact that he was asleep.He was later thrown in prison for not cooperating with the State authorities.						 
					 						 The Inevitable End is the name given to the series of events which will bring about the demise of Winky and Sam but the subsequent saving the World.A note on the World:It exists in all time so nothing is anachronistic.The events, vaguely prophesized by the Magnificent Cube are as follows:Winky will fall in battle and Sam will slay The Chosen One.This foretelling is unknown to our protagonists at this point.A note on the foretelling: This one point may seem to fly in the face of the earlier note stating that the World exists in all time.It doesn’t.Only events foretold by the Cube are unknown to the rest of the World until they eventually happen.The magnitude of the Cube’s prophecies is such that each event marks a critical point in the history of the World.The history of the World was known and catalogued at the beginning of the World by The Keeper of the Magnificent Cube.Cube Events are so huge that all inhabitants are pretty much aware that a critical point in their history has been reached.However, the Keeper would remark to the uninformed, “Yeah, that was a Cube Event.”The Inevitable End, a mildly superfluous title after that explanation, is the final event foretold by the Cube.The World, however, still goes on afterwards.Sam, alone, walks the earth until his eventual unrecorded death and unattended funeral.The Cube withers and dissolves.The Keeper sends a copy of The History to each of the Twelve Libraries.The World is well, good, and uneventful.This is where we are going according to The Magnificent Cube.A note on the Magnificent Cube: it is actually a sphere.						 
					 						 There are many characters that need to be explored.It wouldn’t be much help to list them all at the onset.Probably the best way to learn the histories and futures of the doomed cast is to appreciate them individually at glances over an extended period of time.But a few introductions are necessary.What should be said upfront is that our protagonists, Winky and Sam, are compatriots and friends.They share a destination.They tread separate paths.They drink, never beyond the point of hopeless desperation but occasionally enough for them to feed the animals before sleep.To Sam, any story worth telling is worth exaggerating.Winky prefers stripping a tale down to its most basic elements.Sam searches for reactions.Winky searches for truth.Sam is drawn to the earth while Winky looks up to the sky.But high or low, dirty or clean, happy or sad, their journeys to the same inevitable end are long and hard.						 
					 						 The fearless two are back from slumber in the murky depths with revelations and insight.As before, the goal is neither to inspire society nor provide answers to even the most irrelevant questions.If anything, the two would appreciate puzzling enjoyment, cautious curiosity, and a brief but kind word for all their efforts.The scope of material may seem vast and foreboding but there will be help along the way.The insight will occasionally be harsh but always forgiving.So just like biting into a piece of over ripened fruit or hearing very bad experimental jazz for the first time, you probably won’t realize what’s wrong until it’s too late.						 
 have plenty of important things to talk about today. But instead, I'm going to rant. I just wasted 102 minutes watchingLost In Translation . Yes, yes, I know the movie is like, 5 years old by now. I just haven't gotten around to watching it until tonight. Got it on On Demand.I Think I'm The Only Person Who Did Not Like This Movie.We all remember the comical trailers. We heard the hype and we watched it bring home the awards. So I was expecting a genius and funny, perhaps heartwarming movie with an albeit artistic slant from Ms. Coppola. I should have known what I was getting into. I remembered how much I dislikedThe Virgin Suicides . But, given that TVS was Ms. Coppola's first effort, I applauded her. LIT was only marginally better, and its all b/c of Bill Murray. Truthfully, I don't know why this film was nominated for so many awards, nor, how it won any.I will support my arguement here:1. In both TVS and LIT, it seems as if too much weight is placed on the film being brilliantly shot, and not enough emphasis placed on the story. The cinematography was beautiful, but shouldn't have to carry the whole film. The editing was razor sharp. But, the direction was comparable to that of a student film. Certain parts of the film feltlike it was trying to be weird, just for the sake of being weird.1A. To go back to the editing - at times I was confused. Throughout the early part of the film especially, Charlotte is shown in near back to back shots wearing different pjs. Either the clips got all mixed up in the computer, or Coppola is trying to suggest that multiple days were passing and the only occurance of note was Charlotte changing her clothes, Or Charlotte really did enjoy changing her tops several times a day. 2. "Trying" is the defining word of this movie.It tries to be mysterious and shy and coy . But the action is painfully slow and the charactersaren't developed enough to make the story intriguing. 3.Not only are the characters not given a chance to develop, in some cases the performance feels completely wrong . Charlotte for example is a Yale grad who has been married for 2 years, and is accused of being "snotty" and "mean" by her husband. I believe that the character was meant to be very complex - part vamp, part "lost" child with a bit of cynicism. She is portrayed by Scarlett Johansson who at 19 does the job of playing the innocent, and Could play up the sultry factor, but doesn't quite make it. Also,the performance does not support Charlotte being a Yale grad that studied Psychology.She spends more time giggling and looking partially glazed over. The conflict between her studies and her life only barely peeks through. Furthermore, she never seems to make any profund observations or statements that one would expect from a Philosophy major. Nor snide remarks that would qualify her snob title.4. Overall, I think the other younger characters where erroneously cast. To me, the actors look like they would have been better off in American Pie Part 4.Too young and not believable as up and coming high profilers. 5. Bill Murray makes the movie, and could have made it better if he did more 'Bill Murray'. Occasionally, he washis witty, endearing and funny self, interspersed with expertly played indifference.But there was so much more room for him. 6. I read that the script was very sparse and the film was larglyimprovised .Really?!? I couldn't tell...7. This film wins the top prize in the " Worst Foleyed " and " Worst ADR " categories. My goodness. even on a small tv screen there is SO MUCH that doesn't line up. I can't imagine how hideous it looked on the large screen. Two specific places of horror are in the arcade when a kid is playing a video game by drumming..the ratio of sticks to "pow" is pathetic. And, when Bob and Charlotte are lying on his bed talking, the room tone suddenly disappears, and of course the dialogue doesn't match up. 8. Can we say "Anti-Climactic?"A 5th grader could have guessed the plot twists , if you could call them that. As for the 'big climax' - we are thrown a couple of weak-ass curve balls that sort of miss the catcher and instead haphazardly bounce out of bounds. At the one shining moment where we could have seenthe brilliant manifestation of this transcendental nether-love , we get the hug. But for the kiss - the camera is awkwardly tight on, and off to the back/side of Bob's ear/cheek. Did Coppola not want us to see the kiss? If so, there would have been better angles with a more demure perspective. But she knew the kiss is what we wanted, so it seems that her answer was to compromise.9.Oooh but what did Bob whisper in Charlotte's ear??The lingering question could have produced an answer as earth shattering as "Rosebud" or Larua Palmer's admission that her father killed her. But no, the whisper is inaudible and the closed captionining confirms that fact. Admittedly, we WANT to know what Bob is saying. I've suggested to Dave the we extract the audio and attempt to isolate the dialogue by filtering out the background noises. But Dave doesn't think it will work. A quick internet search produces guesses from other viewers...But in my opinion...I think Bill Murray improvised, and the crew lost the production audio. So he made something up for the ADR track. OR, perhaps in his improvisation he never said anything at all. And in either case - Coppola thought to herself"Hey! This can be kind of cool, and Weird...I like it!"This is why I spend $3.95 for On Demand instead of $10 at the movie theater. Do you have a movie that you'd like to see me tear to shreds? Post a comment or send me an email.
SPOILER MATERIAL:If you are a greasy sleezeball looking for a scandalous glimpse of something kinky - Immediately hit the 'back' button on your AOL window and go turn on Cinemax After Dark.Yes folks, I'm talking about wax. Paraffin wax, and it's my new obsession.We all love to be pampered now and then. I've personally never set foot into a spa. My budget just doesn't permit. Now, I bet you're saying to yourself,"My gosh, all of the beauty, and it's all natural ?!" No, not exactly 'natural.' Just, not performed on me professionally.I've learned how to give myself home facials and how to properly exfoliate. I shape my own eyebrows, whiten my own teeth. Up until recently, I cut my own hair. The one service I do wish I could receive from a professional is regular massages. But I've never had a problem being able to talk my friends into helping me out. (By the way, any takers?)And although I have received pro manicures and pedicures, for the most part, I perform the tasks myself. One reason is that I get funny looks when I tell them the nails on my right hand need to be long and I need no nails on my left hand. Bring In The WaxI'm absolutely obsessive about my hands. I wear gloves religiously, even well into the summer if its cool. And I'm always slathering on pure shea butter. Nevertheless, they get beat up, cut up, banged up and worn out from the keyboards, but more so from the guitars.My mother acquired this nifty device called aParaffin Wax BathShe loved it, but decided she needed the space for her ever-spawning Mickey Mouse collectibles, and passed it on to me.The device is a plastic tub. You place a brick of wax in it, plug it in, and Voila! You have a re-invented Medieval Torture Bath.Now, the problem here is that I don't like hot things. I don't like hot weather. I don't like hot temperature foods. And I don't particularly enjoy dunking fragile body into a 120f vat of foaming jacuzzi water. I can't explain it precisely, it's def one of my mental quirks. If I am to dig into a steaming bowl of soup for example (well, first of all, I let it cool to "just above harboring bacteria" temperature)I imagine it scalding my esophageal tract, disintergrating the gentle vili and burning away my intestinal tissue like a nuclear mushroom cloud over the New Mexico Desert. okay, not so much.... But the lure of smoother, silkier, more lustrious hands made me persevere As my mother instructed - you dunk your hand, let the extra wax drip off and harden and itty bit, then repeat a few more times before bagging up your hand like a piece of leftover turkey. I look at the vat of wax, which has taken on a clear ocean blue hue. Ah, the ocean, calm and serene. It looks so beautiful and oddly hypnotic. Surely, the water is safe! I gingerly and tentatively approach the innocent looking liquid....andYEHAW IT's HOT! Hot as if I plunged my hand into a boiling pot of spaghetti!BUT WAIT, it's really not THAT bad, I'm just being a baby. On subsequent dunks, it feels less terrorsome due to the thickening layers of wax.By the time my hand had enough layers to look like it could illuminate a small room , I followed the instructions to place it in a plastic baggy thing (all of this came with the kit) and then in an insulated mitten that I think they stole from a Pluto costume at Disney World.And Then Euphoria!After repeating the procedure w/ the other hand, and help from Dave, I began to relax and enjoy the sensuous warmth. It was so therapeutic! I was in heaven!When the wax had cooled and hardened, it was time to awake my hands from their blissful sleeping bags. I imagined that I would need a chisel to break apart the hardened wax, but my hands slipped right out - leaving a really neat complete cast of my hand in its entirety, nails and skin impressions and all. For a moment, I thought'Hey, I could go work for Industrial Light and Magic'Then I remembered that I was neither intelligent, nor creative enough.Back to my hands = they feel luxuriously sensuous! So soft and smooth. Little cracks seemed to have been erased. Cuticle revitalised. Nails shiny. And my callouses may actually need to be reformed so I don't bleed on the guitar strings. Overall, the results from just one use totally exceeded my expectations. And, the soothing, warming feeling is so relaxing too.Now I'm a paraffin wax junky. My habit is steadily increasing and soon I will need to buy more wax. Then I got the idea to do some research. On the web, I found sources that claim people use wax dipping as a form of physical therapy - to treat muscle and joint pain. We all know that everything on the internet is true... but I could see how regular dips *could* offer at least a little temporary comfort. And apparently, people dip everything - feet, elbows, (obvious choices) and even facials and whole body treatments. How do they dip a whole body? I think that may get a little uncomfortable. Like A Human FondueAs we speak, I have my feet nestled snuggly in the oven roaster bags. The sumptuous wax working over tired joints and doing, er, whatever it does to make the dry skin soft and smooth. I can't wait to reveal my new softer tootsies. And I've come to this conclusion: Heaven must be regular full body dips in paraffin wax
The dust has settled and now it's on to another day. The old familiar routines remind me that time, and life hurries on.My deadline is swiftly approaching. It's raining. The rabbit is chewing on the Auralex in the studio.The house is still a rancid mess. Ah, the cold comfort of normalcy.For those who wisely refrained from speaking to me yesterday - I will summarise the day's Good, Sucky and Obnoxious events:1. Losing a very lucrative gig:How-Am-I-Going-To-Pay-The-Rent Sucky.2. Taking the extra time to give myself a home spa experience:Relaxingly Good.3. Venti Starbucks Dark Roast:Bouncing Off The Ceiling Good. 4. Simon in his penultimate Idol appearence of the season:TIE = Obnoxiously Sexy Good and Tuesdays-In-The-Off-Season-Are-Going-To-Be-Boring Sucky. 5. Learning that 'Tony Almeida' Carlos Bernado's contract has not been renewed for the next season of 24 and obviously, 'Stephen Saunders' Paul Blackthorn is out too:Who Will Provide Next Season's Eye Candy Obnoxious. 
there are just 2 redeeming factors that are saving me from personal annihilation tonight. 1. Simon 2. Mint Chocolate Chip Cookies. That is all. I will return to my ditch now. 
I don't have any useful opinions or comments to make tonight. So I'll just complain.After I begrudgingly got in bed last night, I couldn't fall asleep. So at 3:30a I got up and wasted time on the internet until 5a when I had to start getting ready. Tried to nap this afternoon - "ooh no you don't," said the lawnmower. So I've been up for about 36 hours so far. I managed to smile through singing two masses this morning, existing on water, a baggy of carrots and the last drops of andrenaline left in my body.Since I've been so overtired, I've experienced some strange goings-on. Delusions, hallucinations, anxiety, wicked slow reaction times. And I quite literally feel "wiped-out." The scary thing is that I don't feel ready for sleep yet. great. I suspect that I will begin to feel incredibly sleepy right around 6:30a when I should start getting ready for my 9:00a meeting. 
Today I could have been at the Kiss 108 concert, and tonight I could have been tearing it up at the VIP afterparty. But due to prior engagements, my day went something like this:Wake-up, drive, sing, drive, curl hair, paste on false eyelashes, drive, sing, drive, straighten hair, re-glue eyelashes, drive, sing, drive. aw crap I forgot to eat. make quick food, chug martini. Now I can get 4 hours of sleep before: wake-up, drive, sing (sight reading ack!) drive, you get the picture. But, besides all the running around - my whole day / evening was incredible! There are few greater thrills than seeing a crowd of happy people. Sometimes singing along to the lyrics they'll never forget. Sometimes w/ the glimmer of a tear in the eye b/c the song brought back a distant memory. Always smiling.It makes my existense worthwhile. 
sigh...my world is suddenly a happier place.at least for the time being, anyway. 
Congrats to Stoney Catcherye for proving himself worthy by answering theQuestions 3on myFAQfrom earlier this week. I'm pretty sure he looked up the answers to #3 on the internet, but he did the legwork, so it counts. Details of our date are still TBD but so far the only detail that has been confirmed is a bathub full of Strawberry Daquaries. Now For Some Bad News.Yesterday, one of the tv shows that I write for was canceled. This is not good for me. But its even worse for the other team members that had to be laid off. It was also my favourite of the shows. How do I deal w/ the stress and sadness and feelings of panic??I go shopping of course!Something about shopping is sickeningly therapeutic. It's the physical filling of a figuritve, physical or otherwise perceived void. Beyond the act of acquiring something new - shopping also serves to give the hungry customer a little pat on the back, a mini-ego stroke."You're good enough to deserve these nice new things!" Sadly, tonight'sprocursion excursionis not going to be all fun and games. For one thing, it's a Friday night and the last place that I usually want to be on a Friday night is in a mall. And secondly, I HAVE to buy a warm weather suit, perferably in a pretty easy-wearing pastel hue. As we've established, shopping for the sake of shopping is fun. But shopping w/ a purpose can be downright horrific. Nonetheless,I'm looking forward to coming home w/ lots of pretty packages and feeling that familiar pat-on-the-back satisfaction.sick? yes I know, just a little. 
kay this is obnoxiuos. How many times did I get that stupid FWD about not buying gas today. People, honestly -not buying gas for one day is not going to make the least bit of an impact!If you don't buy it today, you'll buy it tomorrow. The gas stations don't care. They'll sell their "stockpile" to you tomorrow. Here's an analogy.My dept runs daily TPS reports that are distributed to all employees and need to be reviewed on a daily basis. Today, we have the day off, nobody is using paper to print out reports. But tomorrow, when everybody comes back we will need paper to print the reports from both the previous day and the current day. Day off did not affect the paper supply. If you want to make a difference, our society has to lower our overall consumption of gas. That means car pooling or taking public transportation. or biking. or telecommuting(like moi.) even on a semi-regular basis, it will make a significant difference. So, we can conclude that if my dept decided to distribute one copy of a TPS report to 5 employees and make them share it = we would use less paper. Or, if we combined all of the daily numbers into one weekly TPS total = we would use less paper. Or, if TPS reports were circulated electronically = we would use no paper! OR, if we trashed the whole TPS reporting system, quit our jobs and moved to an island - the only paper we would use would be to wipe our bums.As an additional aside: I would personally not take any advice from the same medium that tries to sell ME viagra and assures me that Bill Gates wants to give me a free vacation to Disney World and if I don't forward a cutesy obnoxious love poem to everybody I know - I will be cursed with bad luck for 11 years, turn into a dog and have snake eggs hatch in my gums.
VO:"This concludes my regular broadcasting schedule. Thank you for tuning in and have a pleasant day." cue the National Anthem.colour bars.fade to black. ***Wake me up when it's time for American Idol.
ell we’re off to a jolly rolicking start. It’s nice to see that my friends share my passion for overly trite and useless blather. The rest of you may have some burning questions in your eager little minds. And so, I have created a brief...FAQYou already have a webpage. Why do I need to remember another url for you? I would like my webpage to be used for only professional purposes. Yes, I know there is nothing there right now. Why should I use up all of that valuable space anyway? Perhaps someday I will link the two.What is ‘Paphia?’ Back when we were one of the first AOL subscribers and thumbing our noses at the Prodigy folks, I wanted to pick a really unique screen name. Not a bunch of numbers or other prattle.At the time, I was going through a “exploring history’s religions” phase and whipped out my Robert Grave’s mythology books. ‘Paphia’ is the name of a complex goddess worshipped by the people ofPaphos, Cyprus during ancient times. In other areas of the Greek world, she was known by dozens of names, including the most well known – Aphrodite.According to ancient references, her dominion covers sexuality and sensual pleasure, as well as fertility and ferocity. Incidentally, if you know me, this association is quite ironic indeed. But the name sounded pretty and obscure.I like it.Where do you work? What are some of your hobbies? What kind of music do you like? Do you have siblings? If you don’t know – I’m not telling you. But you can probably figure out some more in-depth info via future postings.You’re hot. Will you go out with me? Most likely not. But I may consider it if you answer these questions three:A. In your opinion, what are the five most influential recording artists or songwriters in the history of music?B. How would you rank the following issues in order of importance?animal rights, civil rights, global commerce, historical preservation, personal financial gain, technological advancement.C. What are the three main types of subatomic particles? And what is the mass and electrical charge of each? Got a question? Post a comment. Or send me an email. I may respond.
2:00p est. Good morning. Coffe. Parsley and kale for Squeek. A can of ground up meat by-products for Scuba Steve. This stuff is absolutely vile. emails. voicemails. snail mails. Eh - I'll get around to returning messages eventually.DESTINATION 'CYBERSPACE'Since I'm always so on top of the latest technology, today I thought "Hey what about those new fangled web logging programs?" I think alot. I sometimes have opinions. But I need room in my head to store architectural definitions. Precious brain cells are necessary for coming up w/ colourful but meaningless ways to describe houses. What should I do w/ all of my random ramblings? Enter blogspot.com Yes! The skies open up and the choirs in my head strike up a jubilant refrain. Cosmic bodies slowly move into alignment. Peace in all of its forms is...okay, okay so its not that monumental of an event. But perhaps, this trendy little innovation will allow me to stay closer to those that care. Afterall, I share very few waking hours with the majority of the working world. They can log on - read about my boring day, or my obnoxiuos musings and feel good for not wasting their time on calling me. "it's like I'm talking to someone - but I don't have to listen to them talk back"If only I could turn my blog into a kewl accessory. like if I could carry it around in a blog-holder-belt-clip. TODAY'S PREDICTIONDave will want to create a blog.
'wonderful.' The word has almost completely lost its meaning. We sort of use it as a synonym for 'good' or 'great.' In the tv shows, I would throw it in the script when a house didn't warrant a more special description such as 'majestic' or 'stately.'I just watched Big Fish. Friends, this is what a movie should be. Many words and images are swirling through my mind - but the one that stands out is 'wonderful.'What sounds so ordinary and mundane is really a quite thought provoking word. Shall we examine its meaning. Logically if something is wonderful (such as Big Fish) it is full of wonder. Good ole Merriam Webster online informs us that wonder is etymologically rooted in Old English and High German and offers the following definitions: * a cause of astonishment or admiration* the quality of exciting amazed admiration and perhaps the best one:* rapt attention or astonishment at something awesomely mysterious or new to one's experience.Big Fish. all that and more.__________________________________in other news. I've been so emotional over the past few days. Every minute has been all at once cerebral and spiritual - profoundly moving. perhaps - life alteringand I'm so exhuasted, making the wonders all the more overwhelming and intense. 
mmmmmmm, G&T (x 4), attempted dancing, more than 5 mins of happiness - a fleeting glimpse at what life should be like....dare I say - - ?zang. 
o....we decided it was time to clean the kitchen today. We haven't cleaned a single thing in the kitchen since sometime in early March. All was fine until the weather started to heat up this week. A few days ago, I started to notice a few (*cough* dozen *cough*) flies. I don't own any bug spray, nor would I want to spray it on my dishes. So I squirted Dr. Bronner's Eucalyptus Soap all over everything last night and that seemed to vanquish some of them. Tonight is the first night we would both be home. Earlier in the week when I noticed the flies, I stopped going in the kitchen and informed Dave that I wasn't touching a thing w/out him. After he got home from work, it was time to prep our mission.1. Draw up plans for fly evacuation2. Don a hazmat suit.3. What? we don't own a hazmat suit? okay, make a hazmat suit out of:A.) 2 pairs of rubber gloves B.) a garbage bag w/ a hole cut in itC.) a hat to keep said garbage bag on my headD.) my safety glasses that I use at the range.And then it was time. The first part of our mission invovled installing a complex 2 part system to quickly and accurately remove the flies from the premises. My plan involved opening the window and screen, setting up a fan and...blowing the flies out the window. The flies that did not respond toOperation Blast Of Airwould be neutralised by a lethal mist of spray cleaner.Once we were confident Operation Blast Of Air was a reasonable success, I stepped in to launchOperation Clean The Nastiness Out Of The Sinkwhile Dave implentedOperation Scrape The Crap Off Of The Dishes .The first phase of attacks have been completed. We loaded and started the dishwasher. Then decided to take a break and watch another episode of 24 on dvd.Here's me in full disaster mode. Note the fan which seemed to be a success. The walky talky however, was just for effect.Click on the picture for a bigger image. urlLink
So I haven't posted in a week - I'm sorry I neglected you, oh faithful readers. Do I have an excuse? Yes, plenty of them. For days, I've been on the phone or on the road. I hate it.My current life is coming to a close. The shows are wrapping up. The curtain is closing on the church. I haven't been sad. Since my attention span is itty bitty, I'm looking forward to moving on. However, my financial resources are screaming at me to begin running amuck in terror. If I don't get a new gig by the end of the month, then I just may say "screw it" and move to LA to live in the back of a VW bus and eat peanut butter sandwiches for 3 square meals a day.But, a small glimmer of sentiment hit me hard today. I didn't feel any remorse for the houses until I started wiping my hard drive clean. Now, in a small, small way...I will miss the arched doorways and dental moldings; the decorative porticos and eyebrow windows; the gourmet kitchen and garden tubs; the suburban split levels, and the downtown art decos. Perhaps I will miss the rare stick style and queen anne victorians most. The houses...they spoke to me. And I would tell their stories, like a psychic ghost interpreter - relaying the voice of a long dead past. Okay - I'm not psycho. The above reflection is largely tongue in cheek! But alas, I will mourn silently for a short time. Want to see me really sad? Wait until I sing my last mass at Saint Joe's. Not only will I miss the dear, sweet folks in the parish. My bank account will sorely miss the income! Now, I'm trying to break back into accounting and finance. And the whole industry seems to be saying to me: "You traitor, you left us for 10 months. Why should we take you back?"And I think to myself "What a wonderful world." 
ha! hor(ney)mones.Let's talk about the summertime.Is it me? or does it Not really feel like summer? Sure we had like, one hot week in June. Since then, it's been kind rainey muggy uckey. You know - that cool warm. It's so damp that the your skin feels cool, but the air is really quite warm. and stifling. Talked to the Sax Ace earlier re: the necessary pilgramage away from one's house during the summertime.He's gone on a few vacas. A nice holiday in Italy. a few golf excursions. I think Beth has gone to the beach a bunch. And Bruce Almighty is visiting the Alpaca farm this weekend. Pretty sure Ekalb considers any time away from work a vacation. Dave - have we done anything this summer? Have we gone anywhere or otherwise partook in any fun and exciting obligatory summer trips?I don't think we have...It's passing us by. Poll:If I was to go on vacation within the next month - where should I go and what should I do? Bear in mind that I have no money, I don't want to get tan and I hate the beach. 
t's theChrissy Cruiser ! &nbsp;After 7 arduous days, the silver PT Cruiser is mine.&nbsp;Picked it up in CT on Thurs. This is the first car I've owned that cost more than $500. Even though it's a 2001, this car is the first&nbsp;major item I've owned that was made in this century! (and it's styled after retro&nbsp;designs, go fig)&nbsp;Have to thank my dad for picking it out. I wouldn't have given this car a second thought - I was looking at a Jeep. But my dad thought that this car was more my style. He was right - I LOVE IT!&nbsp;Trés Vintageous Aside from the alarm system and the remote starter that my dad put in for me - this car is completely stock. But that will soon change... I think I need to start w/ some smaller, more affordable accessories. I'm looking at replacing some of the interior pieces w/ chrome. I'm also thinking about adding some exterior moldings - a beltline and such.&nbsp; Def new wheels, not sure about a spoiler. But, I was most excited to discover that I can get running boards, as well as a OEM continental-type faux spare tire for the boot! Opinions? Suggestions?&nbsp; No, Kenny, I'm not going to add blue LED tubes! &nbsp; Click on the thumb for a bigger pic of The CC urlLink "It looks so nice parked in the driveway..."
Ding Ding! A month has gone by... time to post again.The past 30 (or so) days have been some of the most eventful of my entire life. Up down, up down, (in many many places) I shall summarise: DOWNAs you can glean from earlier posts: I lost my job w/ the advert/production company. Half of my shows got cxld, the other half are being written in house. But now I'm pleased as punch! I really hated that job anyway. But I put up w/ it b/c the $$$$ rocked, I got to wear pj's all day long and the perks made me feel like a celeb. But, it couldn't make up for the fact that I absolutely dreaded the work. UPAfter two short weeks and heaps of melodrama, I landed a job in the accounting dept of a manufacturing company. Fate is funny - the company headquarters is in Quebec. I was never very good at speaking French, even though I grew up speaking a bit of it. (Ask me sometime, also the reason why I wanted to be a nun) I like the job and I adore my co-workers. It's kind of fun dusting off my language skills, On any given day, I get to speak to people in Spanish and Portuguese. I fake my way through French and I have to "translate" all kinds of languages from Polish to Swedish. Haven't had a change to use my (feeble) Japanese yet though. Yes, you heard me right - it's an accounting position. DOWN DOWN UPSpeaking of French - The weekend of the 4th came. Fireworks. yup. those things. For the most part, I have a lousy memory. I'm not good at remembering dates, but I always remember good ole independence Day. (also Cinco De Mayo) Last year, the 4th became an even sadder day of remembrance. I spent the night in the animal hospital w/ Happy. And I never brought him home again. I had to let him go to Bunny Heaven on the 6th. So, I was feeling negative festive this year. Dave stayed home w/ me and we watched movies and boozed it up. After watching The Commitments for the 1 quadrillionth time, we got all inspired to spend the overnight in the studio. Check out his website for the recording we made of J'rai La Voir Un Jour. It was so cathartic.DOWNCar started dying last week. Poor little thing. First, it started running and shifting real rough like. Checked the fluids. Needed oil and coolant. Thought maybe I got some bad petrol. But then, over the next few days, it got worse. Yada yada yada, I think I need a new transmission and I don't want to put that kind of money into the Celeb. Decided that I just had to suck it up and buy a car..... UP!On Saturday, Daddy helped me look for a new ride. As usual, I made the decision pretty impulsively. The deal is clinched, but not finalised yet. Wanna know what I'm buying? Stay tuned...! UP AND DOWNSeriously - my head is spinning. It IS possible to have too much of a good thing, and I don't know how I'm going to handle it any longer. If life is like a box of chocolates, then I say: love is like a bag of Lays....I can't have 'just one.' (BTW, what pervo came up w/ that slogan? Brill!) Solution:Need more shopping time to clear my head.
Outa touch. Sorry. Am rather busy. Will get back as soon as possible. Please bear with the absence. 
hy the Americans need Indians so desperately?-By Prosenjit Datta -Source: Business World, January 5 2004, Page 68.Americans do not need much help from other countries – they just cant do without the help from India. Why? Quotes from a young American with whom P. Datta was having a chat. Read on...•	Indians are needed at the time of birth. America faces a terrible shortage of nurses. The USA needs almost 50,000 nurses in a hurry. Fewer and fewer people are joining nursing courses in the US. Why? It is a terrible job – low wages, bad working hours, not many prospects of going up. •	We need teachers. Indians produce hordes of grads and post-grads who have no jobs. They jump at the thought of becoming teachers in our public schools. Not too many people in the US want to become teachers in these schools, what with all the shootings and the bad behavior of our kids. So we feel that Indians should fill up the positions in at least the worst public schools in our country. •	There is research – genetics, software, telecom, pharma – where we Americans want to maintain our lead in the world. But we just don’t produce brilliant people. Your IITs churn out brains by the thousands, on whom we rely to do our research for us. •	We will shortly need your armed forces. Iraq and Afghanistan have shown that in spite of our technological superiority, we still end up losing some American lives. And, suppose we give out visas and green cards to people who want to join the American armed forces, I am sure we’ll get millions of Indians applying overnight. •	We need your people to man all those irate calls that we get from people who’ve bought American products. Why do you think so many call centre jobs are being shifted to India? The reason was that we are simply too sick of fielding all those calls from cranky customers.P. Datta asks that young American, “So, what will the Americans do?”. The young man answers, “Oh, we will continue to do the really important thing – run the world.” This shows where the reputation of India and Indians really lies.
Down with the docs who cant even read a chest x-ray. It is an established fact that the aorta, among others, is clearly visible in the X-ray near the chest bone. Well, if you have docs who say, "Gosh! You have some sort of liquid out there!", how do you expect to remain alive if your chest is filled with a liquid! Again, down with the docs who can differentiate the two diaphragms, and who say, "Your left diaphragm is abnormally different from your right diaphragm'. God help them all. Quack quack...oops, sorry...tsk tsk...!!!-And so says the master. 
Man...! This Australian VISA definitely takes the patience out of you. They have so many qualms about every little teeny weeny thing that is used for applying. In the end, i think, they'll gimme the VISA. Let's see. Adios till the next post. 
ase of the disappearing clothes Today was pretty much the same, as in, go to the lectureroom, listen to the boring speech and get out with nothin gettin in as much. Well, the girls here are amazing! They just wait for the temperature to drop below a certain threshold, and LO!!!!!! their clothing starts disappearing. A girl who till yesterday was wearing thick pants and neck covering jackets, suddenly switches over to micro minis and low neckline tops! What do u call that??!!Now to Melbourne. Well, Melbourne's a wonderful place! The city's awefully CLEAN. But the other day i was passing by the port area, and well, the city view from there was pretty much like what we might see of Mumbai city from one of our Mumbai shore lines. Except for the fact that Melbourne's clean and disciplined. Getting back to the point...abt the Case of the disappearing neckline. Can anyone of you guess the reason? If you find any, mail em to me. Simple :) Hope to et a better sense! 
y uni...Day 2 - Post Easter Second day of my uni after the easter break. How was the first day? Well, the day started with a test...which thankfully was not to be counted in any way, so we were relived. Well, the next thing that followed soon was an assignment, to be submitted in the 10th week of the uni. Now? Well, this is the 6th week. We have 3 more weeks. To those who are utterly clueless about words like uni, assignemtn and test being associated with me...I am doing my Masters in Telecomm Engg at Victoria University, Melbourne. Now you guys want to know more about Melbourne, right? The next blog, maybe tomorrow, will have some info on Melbourne. 
est! Test!! Test!!!Had a test today. Final test for a subject in my masters course. Wasnt so bad, but wasnt excellent too. Dunno why, but Mike had set a rather odd paper. Sonia Gandhi...India's next PM?Should Sonia be India's next PM? Have absolutely no idea. Personally, I am not in total favor of her decision. But the very contentious fact remains why should a person of foriegn origin be the head of a nation? There are reports, can call them rumors too, that she still holds her Italian citizenship. By law it is required that u surrender one citizenship after u take up another citizenship, and Italy doesnt figure in the list of countries with whom India supports dual nationality. Lets see what happens in the future. Lets see how the events unfold. NEWS:Hooray for BloggywoodCongratulations are in order for one of our users. Film deal for 'Baghdad blogger': "The Baghdad Blog, a book based on an online diary written by an Iraqi man about life during the conflict there, is to be made into a film." First a book, then a movie and it all started at Blogger. Nice!
reetings on a Monday morning.Well not exactly a Monday morning for us in Australia. The day was pretty rough. The temperature's also steadily dipping, wont be much time until it gets freezing out here. Footy is also in full swing with St, Kilda leading the tally with 32 points and having won all the matches they've played. Richmond were the favs, God knows whats with them. Richmond fans were even caught cursing their players, this aint correct.But all in all Australia's pretty interesting. The life here's of a pretty laid back kind. More in later posts.Meanwhile, do check out some pics @ http://photos.yahoo.com/taskar_neil 
ermany exit after losing to Czechs Germany slipped out of Euro 2004 after a 2-1 defeat by a second-string Czech Republic, who had already qualified, saw them miss out on the quarter-finals for the second successive European Championship. The three times champions had to win to guarantee their progress having earlier drawn with the Netherlands and Latvia but the Dutch took the runners-up spot in Group D after a 3-0 win over Latvia and will play Sweden in the quarter-finals. Despite a fierce second-half onslaught Germany could not subdue a Czech side showing nine changes from the team which secured their place in the last eight as group winners with a 3-2 victory over the Netherlands last weekend. Germany did briefly lead through a stunning Michael Ballack goal in the 21st minute but the advantage last for only nine minutes as Marek Heinz equalised with an equally-superb strike. With the Germans pushing for the winner, Czech substitute Milan Baros scored on the break 12 minutes from time to make it three wins out of three -- the only unblemished record. It was a disappointing display by the 2002 World Cup runners-up, who failed to show the necessary urgency against a Czech team who were able to relax and enjoy the occasion. Germany follow Italy and Spain as big name casualties of a tournament that has already lived up to its billing as one of the most open for years.This Euro's gonna be a steal! 
URO 2004 Euro 2004 Group standings: Group ATeam Played Won Drew Lost Goals Scored Goals Against PointsPortuga l 3 2 0 1 4 2 6Greece 3 1 1 1 4 4 4Spain 3 1 1 1 2 2 4Russia 3 1 0 2 2 4 3 Group BTeam P W D L F A PtsFrance 3 2 1 0 7 4 7England 3 2 0 1 8 4 6Croatia 3 0 2 1 4 6 2Switzerland 3 0 1 2 1 6 1Group CTeam P W D L F A PtsSweden 3 1 2 0 8 3 5Denmark 3 1 2 0 4 2 5Italy 3 1 2 0 3 2 5Bulgaria 3 0 0 3 1 9 0Group DTeam P W D L F A PtsCzech Republic 3 3 0 0 7 4 9Netherlands 3 1 1 1 6 4 4Germany 3 0 2 1 2 3 2Latvia 3 0 1 2 1 5 1 The greatest upsets came in this year's Euro championships! Watch out for the finals: 05 July 2004 Portugal vs Greece 00:15 IST Lets see what happens! -------------------------------------------WIMBLEDON 04 Sharapova, Serena in finalSeventeen-year-old Russian Maria Sharapova overhauled former champion Lindsay Davenport 2-6, 7-6, 6-1 on Thursday to become the second-youngest Wimbledon finalist since tennis turned professional. The Siberian-born teenager, who left her homeland for Florida as a seven-year-old, became the first Russian since Olga Morozova in 1974 to reach the final, where she will face holder Serena Williams who beat France's Amelie Mauresmo 6-7, 7-5, 6-4 in the second semi-final. The 22-year-old Serena, who beat her sister Venus to win the last two finals dropped her first set of this year's tournament to Mauresmo but the 24-year-old fourth seed failed to hold her nerve. Serena battled to win the second set, during which Mauresmo had treatment for a back injury, and sealed victory in the third when Mauresmo sailed a forehand long. -------------------------------------------FORMULA ONE FIA president Mosley to quitMax Mosley stunned Formula One and the wider world of motorsport on Thursday with a surprise announcement that he will stand down as FIA president in October.The 64-year-old Briton told the International Automobile Federation's general assembly at a meeting in Paris of his surprise decision to quit a year before he would have been up for re-election. ------------------------------------------- 
Tony Tony Tony Again!Yep once again "the mouth that roared" causes issues -- this time in Sonomo. Spins out at least 3 guys, including Brian Vickers.And then after the race attacks Vickers while he's still belted in his car with his helmet on?!?! Stewart starts yapping at Vickers, while Vickers is like "What's your problem, you spun me out?"Last year Busch needed a little fellow driver justice (from Jimmy Spencer) but Tony spun Vickers out!Nascar is still waiting to announce the penalty and this time it could be very severe.I think that most people have had about enough of Tony's antics.His souvenir sales should start taking a hit.It was one thing for him to have run-ins with reporters at a race but attacking a defenseless 20 year old rookie is another.Brian Vickers should get some credit, he's handled himself very well.
Well another race ending under caution.That was no one's fault but it ruined the ending.Kasey looked like he was gonna catch Ryan and make it a photo finish.Finally the 88 has a good finish and so did the 38!Next week road racing.In Indy, Ralph suffers a bad hit but is all right. Montoya disQUALified!Oh and Schumie won. 
Oh and what's this nonsense about leaving the Driver's meeting early?Can't sit still enough to listen to the Pres?Tony needs to settle down.Start RESPECTING the leaders/elders of the sport.Nascar penalized him by leaving early, rear of the field for the start. 
Whoa!Somethin' else.These guys know how to mess it up!Kenseth should have been penalized more than Harvick.He spun him out under caution!Ron Fellows was on WindTunnel last night. Awesome!He is such an accomplished racer.I wish the Toronto media would notice him and give him the air time he deserves.Maybe he likes it that way, he can go out in public and no one knows who he is.A second in class at LeMans after all that trouble is amazing.I'd like to see him win a Cup race to add to his trophy case.
Schumy does it again.Big whip.Some controversy though BMW and Renault get disQUALified.BAR's Button does well.US Grand Prix next week.These guys ain't used to racing so much.
TSN has set up a partnership with Nascar.Nascar Canada.We need a track worth a race.Not gonna happen too soon.At least if we can get some visibility of the sport up here.People will realize how great it is.Maybe the TO sports news bunch will learn how to shout "JUNIOR"And mention who wins a race instead of talking about some lousy nil nil tie in soccer.
Does it again.Even though the race sucked!Jimmie was so strong he overcame a "goof up" by pit road control.The pits were closed, no wait they're open.Too late for Jimmie.He had to go all the way around again to pit.Came out 6th.Nevermind he won under caution.28% of the race was caution laps.The TV audience will either nap or just plain tune out.Gotta fix that.Poor DJ strongest run of the year top 5 maybe 3rd.But the new Ford engine failed him.Work on it boys, he needs better finishes.Ease up Michael - Rusty's brakes failed.Robbie Robbie Robbie - at least it was Newman.Kenseth deserves a large fine, points loss, and probation.Spinning a guy out under caution is dangerous and uncalled for!
Well Edwards ran too long on old tires and finished short.He did make up about 4 spots in the last 20 laps though.Setzer wins again - first repeat winner this year.LeMans is under way.Hometown fav Ron Fellows miscalculated a corner and ended up in the wall.At least they got 23 hours to catch up.GO Vettes!!!!
Almost time for the Trucks in Texas.Fast trucks.Speed Channel at 9pm.My pick - Carl Edwards.Now that Brendan isn't there to win it.
This week is Pocono - 2.5 miles of superspeedway-Road racing. It's a beautiful setting for burning rubber.I look forward to Pocono - I was at a race there 2 years ago.Highly recommend.I look for Mayfield to do well.Maybe it's Bobby Labonte's turn this week though.F1 is in Montreal - I hope Schumy does another brake test during a caution so he can get knocked out.Look for BAR to win.
That's 2 weeks in a row, winning from the pole.Jeff Gordon won from the pole in Sonomo and now again in Daytona.Awesome runs for the Hendricks teams.DEI still out performed everyone but 2 so they don't need to be down on not winning.That move Jr. made near the end three wide pass from the top was one for the history highlight reels.C2 who?Only Kurt Busch got airtime and they still didn't mention the sponsor.Lots o' bucks spent by Coke to no avail.
i finishing liaoz. just a bit more den i can finish. the tag board, the name pix, my pix,links, maybe some nice scroll bars? kkz. lyk still got damn lots to do... but nvm, i will finish wan. i 1 week? 2 week? T_T
one more try... must get it right dis tarm...
need to do maths. but dunno how to use excell. si le lorh. sorri haven install chinese software. (just changed hard disk). den tomolo have to go syf oc training. sianz. wan to go skool wan leh. miss lesson. later lag behind how? fucks. i miss 4 training liaoz. dunno if still ca get the badge. if no den i waste tarm lorh. so fuckingz.now still got lots of hw. T_T need to do filing. (shit)ws like moutain how to file. si le suan le. _l_(middle finger in case u dunno wad iz da sign) 
today dunno y so sian. come to skool wan to sleep. yesterday see tv til 1am. so song but now cannot open eye liaoz. btw todae in skool nth happen cept "diha" saw my blog n sae i sae don mdm is cute. why not. maybe he too bao shou. or not kan i-nouf. hu noes. budden i finish the philo project suppose to do throughout the holiday in 1 hr. so pro-ded rite? tha you. tha you. but fuck! the geog ws i dunno how o do ley. how? geog project tomolo oso i dun have any materials. how? geog sux. fucked up. _l_ (middle finger) kkz. now veri sian liaoz. need go n sleep... snorex.
went shanghai 4 10 dae, budden no tarm to blog. so now at cousin house. play com and ps 2. so fun. today go back liaoz.T_T
yesterdae went for combined hike wif CHIJ TP. its quite sadd. sun iz soooooooo hot. den my leg sooooooo tired. acid accumulating. ouch. budden rite our grp mentor (sec 4s)iz veh good lorh. at least iz not c3dr!c (or u can call 'tt guy')tt fcuker. dey let us skip quite alot of thingies. and veh kind 2 us. esp don or izzit dawn mdm. she soooooo cute and chio and she has such a sweet smile. lovies. budden rite, she iz sec 4. got 心理障碍. T_T oso i no courage to ask her msn. and den rite, i dun dare to call her althou i have her hp (a bit d coward) {x_x} 缩头乌龟 缩头乌龟 缩头乌龟 缩头乌龟 缩头乌龟 缩头乌龟 kayz, forget 2 say my grp got first. all thx 2 me. hahax. thaU thaU. 
today go cp. sianz. nth 2 do. just buy a diao-ded t-shirt and norm boadshort.
today got footdrill training. damn sian. tried commanding but not good cos haven remember commands and 'singing song' lalalaz. wadever larh. fail oso nvm cos onli few sec 3 n 4 pass. not so 丢脸.den evening went 2 mom/aunty fren daughter birthday party. no fun at all. every1 so small... 10 yr old onli lorh. -_-" sian is an understatement. den 1 guy perform "magic". oso veri sian. buddenrite he got lukemia. sadds. so sorrie 4 him lorh. 1 day sleep tml dunno will wake up anot. (crys) his mom dunno how 2 handle. so i didn't spot out his tricks. cos he buoi d hasbros magic box set. quite common. i play b4 in malaysia... nvm larh. now back home liaoz. later got All In. Song hae gyo iz fuckingly chio. every shld see Channel U everi sat 11pm. yay. now ten liaoz. play warcraft n see All in later. btW, drank some wine in birthday party. DIzzY. maybe cannot last till 12.30pm...
today damn dumb. wake up tt tarm knock head on wall. summor iz corner. fuck! hole dae giddy lyk xiao. cannot go fd training. i wan to go wan... but giddy n sleepish how to go? maybe next tarm...lyk sat morn 8 to 1.(will not miss fruit basket)and den rite, i noe how to use mric liaoz. yey!!! (^o^)budden i going shanghai on 15 june, cannot go syf training. its so damn fun lorh. (sads) shanghai will b fun!!! shop lyk siao. buoi CDs VCDs DVDs, chewing gum, clothes and more. yey!!! kk.我累了. need to sleep.byez!!! {^(oo)^}
today is so sadden shuo. ms tan zhao liaoz. she dunno go US study wad lar. budden nort teachin us&nbsp; 就对了. she gd teacher lar. i tink she d onli wan tt look normal in the eng department of RI lorh. examples of gay shit and ghost r nosy smith n tan yew meng. lolz lolz lolz. budden today cos of 140 spent on teddy bear d class almost fight budden end peacefully. (boo! no show wan...sian) hahaz.den later today go cut hair. quite nize lar... budden 10 bucks lorh. nvm, get from ah pa.hahaz. today most funny is bandage sec lyk siao. he look lyk mummy. lolz. hahaz. bully sec 1 soooooooo damn fun..... hahahahahahahaha (evil)
人是自己的傀儡.&nbsp;tts why we dun see our problems&nbsp;coz dunno we r the&nbsp;coz of it. tts y we dun solve our probs, cuse we mix up the strings and get strangled by it. all our problems boil down to ourself, other ppl r jus blur mirrors,&nbsp;if we dun see it, we dun solve it.&nbsp; 
today oraled my chinese teacher. XP&nbsp;&nbsp; pui! pui! pui! the 朗读 i screwed up larh. add words delete words and change words.... but the conversation quite okay. saw my marks! think i get 16.5 larh. kk score not 2 bad.. (my chinese teacher look lyk man, imagine i oral him... X )den&nbsp;walk home tt time the bloddy sun so damn hot... shine until i headache larh. now damn sian n dizzy >.
小時候 詞/曲：巨炮巨炮: 小時候常常望著窗外的天空幻想長大以後 能實現從前作過的美夢 長大後發現世界真的不同不知該要往哪走 還是停在原地一動也不動 蓋瑞: 我無力再逃脫 眼看著時間溜走想回到小時候 巨炮: I wanna stay Or stay awayI wanna stay oh 最真最美麗的童年 我stay i wanna stayor stay away .ow...傑倫 : I wanna stay Or stay awayI wanna stay oh 最真最美麗的童年我stay i wanna stayor stay away .ow...彈+豪: 聽你講 你講 為什麼大漢之後世界攏變的不同 是不是聽到小時候的那條歌我的目屎 就會直直流不離 擦不離 繼續唱 唱到阮完全攏無聲才會瞭解阮要對叼飛 對叼位走是不是大漢之後 大漢之後 大漢之後阮才知道 咱的辛苦 攏有價值 
In the classroom…Brandon: There’s the new guy! Over there, see?Feng Shuo: He looks ……(criticize him rudely) Brandon: Hey T.J.! See that new guy over there?Feng Shuo: Ya! Let’s go have some fun with him! Hehe…(malicious laughter) (act pally with Nick to show that he is popular)Nicky: He’s so shabbily dressed! He’s an insult to our class…Feng Shuo, Brandon, and Nicky walk towards Shaun……Nicky: Hey, new boy, how come you’re so shabbily dressed? You look like a beggar!Feng Shuo, Brandon, and Nicky insult him for a while.Shaun tries to protest, but has no choice in the end but to walk away amidst insults.In a corridor…Shaun walks around alone.Feng Shuo and Brandon run past, shoving him aside, and laughing as they run off.Shaun stares sadly after them.In the canteen…Shaun sits at the same table as Feng Shuo and Brandon.Feng Shuo: Ai! What are YOU doing here?! That’s Nicky’s place lah…Brandon: Yeah, shove off, you! We don’t want you here!Shaun ignores them.Nicky angrily pulls Shaun off the seat onto the floor. Shaun falls to the ground.The 3 bullies glare threateningly at Shaun.Shaun slowly walks away.Shaun walks around, head bent to show sorrow.He bumps into Brian.Brian: Hi! You must be the new guy in our class!Shaun: Yeah… ( sign)Brian: Don’t worry about those others. I think they’re wrong to pick on you like that. Never mind, I’ll be your friend!Shaun: You will? (amazed, delighted)Brian: Of course! (sincerely, warmly)Shaun: (walks with brags)Brian : whats wrong?Shaun : Its T.JBrian: Why you afraid! T.J can’t do anything to u, you nose.like den dunbully kitchi says: Shaun : He says things…Brian : No one ever got hurt with words. Just ignore him, he can;t do anything to u!Shaun: (Looks THOUGHTFUL! )Brian : I gotta go now, ciao.( IN CLASS)T.J : Look guys, it’s the nerd!Shaun : Do you have the guts to take me on one on one?T.J : Hesitates ( Looks scared)T.J : why should I huh? Get him! (Two bullies are amazed at the cowardice of T.J, the class starts laughing.)T.J : SOMETHING WILL HAPPEN TO YOU, KENNETH!(Scene switches to Marco and Viks sitting next to each other)Marco Kind of flirts.Marco : Will u marry me, my Hero!Viks : ok.Shaun comes back from schoolMarco (in irritating fashion) : I’m marrying T.j’s dad! Isn’t that good news? T.J will be ur bro!like den dunbully kitchi says: Shaun runs away sobbing.In school, Prowl meets Brian.Shaun was there.T.J : Yo BragsShaun : (hostile) Go away or ill kill you! Shaun pushes t.jBrian looks shocked.T.J : He always like that one, ignore him.Shaun slowly takes out a knife.Shaun stabs nick.Shaun stabs himself.They both die.Nick smiles in death. 
钱 钱 钱不够用. 发克!i bught water bottle/bag for $25. den i no $ liaoz. need to sell my magic deck fast to earn some money. damn 发克 uped. budden i 1st ask ah yee for money den she tell my mother. shit! taking money from my parents iz harder than robbing bank lorh. den my mother still ask me y take money from ah yee and not her. wtf is tt? diz money thing is fucking me up. need money fast need to engage, if not will bedamn fucking sian and fed up need to think of krazy things need to do a lot of thingz.
mac is cool. i will work in mac when i'm 16. can eat mac everyday. summore can get additional money. so shoikies. now rite i'totally broke. no money. tt stupid jun han still wan me to pay $8 for moor t-shirt. wtf! i pay $10 liao. he shld return me $2 and gimme the shirt.猪头! mac rox!麦当劳: 我就喜欢.
o gmail is so damn good! lyk real lorh. say can attatch 10mb budden 2 mb den got error liaoz. so lousy wan. summore i now still cannot invite ppl. damn lousy. hope dey will improve. lyk tt 1000mb oso no use. 
eva noe wad feel lyk to beat some1 up or get beaten up by ppl. i noe. and there iz some1 i feel lyk whacking. he shld noe hu he iz. ..... i am fucking angry wif him as he iz wif me i think.
sleepy sleepy sleppy. sleep in skool. sleep at home. 
Music: urlLink Shoutcast Stream Mood:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Just testing out the emoticon thing!
Music:ambient tranceMood: active &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Note to self: get cool emoticons from to use for my mood [ urlLink Emoticon Page ].&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm a big fan of dA, i spend quite some time there actually. if you look at my dA page I have all sorts of favorites....I just keep adding to them. One of these days maybe i'll do something artsy and post something cool....maybe...someday.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;My Gentoo linux install is almost done on the P3, i'll be ready to start it on my Athlon-XP...or maybe I should install it on my sister's old 400 MHz celeron....yeah, maybe. If i can get her to not use it for a day or so...maybe longer depending on how long it takes even with distcc. I'd use a stage 3 install for hers as well as the P3, just so i can get it up and have a replacement desktop to use for a few days. I'll use them both to speed up the compile time of my stage 1 gentoo build for my AthlonXP. then i'll set up grid computing or something to that effect and harness the power of all 3 (perhaps a 4th soon) computers!! why I need all that power is beyond me, but why not use it if you can?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I had my first ride on a motorcycle today where i wasn't in a sidecar. I was an old all original '57 harley. Ted was in front and I sat behind him. beautiful day for a ride....&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I have to go to the local library tomorrow to do research on some colleges. I'll post my list of colleges that I plan on visiting tomorrow and then after a few visits i'll pick 6 or less to apply to. I got my final grades and they aren't TOO bad (if you weight them the score goes up).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;P.E.: 96 - weighted: 101? (how do you weight gym?) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;APUSH: 73 - weighted: 84 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;AP Chem: 85 - weighted: 98 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;English 3 H: 81 - weighted: 89 - might be AP wieght: 93 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Engineering: 90 - weighted: 95 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Advanced Math H: 91 - weighted: 100 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Spanish 4 H: 92 - weighted: 101&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Average: 87 - weighted: 95 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Calculated GPA: 94.9 (i think) - old GPA was 102.94...i went down. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Average GPA: 100.26 ( i assume)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;so good news all around. I didn't do as bad as I initially thought that I would. hurray!!
Music: 216.156.1.38:8200/ (shoutcast stream)Mood: hacker mood &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;no blogs, lots of blogs, no blogs, lots of blogs...so maybe it was my fear of talking about what I had to talk about. now that thats over i feel the need to share again, although so much is horribly wasted because I can never remember what i wanted to write about. its never organised and cohesive. ideas come and go. its a mess.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I used to read this guy scott's blog [ urlLink www.scottishot.com ] and it was really cool for a while. then he stopped being an online nerd and talking to me and so i dropped him. oh well. what i learned from him (but never actually used) was his blogging writing style. he had been doing this for years (and then suddenly he was popular) so he had a good system down. he wrote notes and organised them as they happened during the day and then sat down and wrote a blog at night. this kid wrote HUGE blogs: usually 2,000 words and sometimes over 10,000 in a single blog. wow. of course it wasn't always cool to read, but it helped his writing style and his blogs were pretty good. that was my goal for blogging: to become a better writer. I also like it when people read my work, but oh well.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So i should start making notes and talking about me and what I like and being more personal, because hey, its my stinking blog. but im always afraid that someone will read what i have written (maybe about them) and be offended. I try not to say bad things about others because no matter how much of an asshole they can be, there are times when you will need them and that won't work if they don't like you. so i try to be nice to everyone unless i can control the damage (as in manipulate them cause its funny).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;but i will write about them, and be blunt, and hope that they can take it because real friends shouldn't fall away that easily and hopefully no one from work reads this. yeah...lets hope.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;what so i like? we could look at my interests page, but then again that has nothing to do with me (i just realised while typing this that if someone was sitting here whatever im writing is something that i would be vocalising to them. i never shut up do i?). anyway, i like the fact that i can use html as i type and add links by hand and use cool code to make spaces and stuff. that makes me special....and this too:urlLink What Is Your Best Sexual Skill?Name: Age: Sex: MaleFemale Sexuality: StraightGayBisexual Flirting Skill Level -66%Kissing Skill Level -89%Cudding Skill Level -61%Sex Skill Level -76% Why They Love YouYou keep going and going and going...Why They Hate YouYou're too good to be true.This Quiz byurlLinklady_wintermoon - Taken 102151 Times.New! Get FreeurlLink Horoscopesfrom Kwiz.Biz
Music:Bright Eyes - Waste Of PaintMood: its summer? &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;yeah, so i always want to update and add cool stuff...but my stuff just ain't that cool, unfortunately. and the fact that I don't really feel comfortable talking about whats going on in my daily life also kinda gets in the way. and since im always busy with work and more work and trying to see friends...its all time consuming.and what happened to my picture? it just up and left.oh well, i have this crappu digital camera that i'll take pics with. yeah, fun stuff.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;i think i need a list of things that i'll always update about. music or something. or what happened at work. or maybe just a sum up of each day, tho my life is painfully boring and therefore that would make for boring reading. but who reads this anyway.if you are reading this, i do this for you! &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ok, meaningful info: i think i talked about how i was friends with this girl, friends with benefits etc. did i mention that i snuck out of the house and rode my bike 4 miles to her house and made out at 1 AM? and did i mention that i made it to third? and did i mention that we still hang out and do this kind of stuff? no? well that was over a week ago. way for me to post shit.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;work has been picking up. it seems like we have new people each week because so many people keep leaving. that means i have to work twice as hard to compensate for their novice-ness. i think it also means that i get paid more tips. eh, idk. and all the new waitresses make work hell because they still don't know how to do everything they should. yuck.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and i got another computer and monitor in my room. hopefully soon i'll have a third computer (no more monitors, unfortunately. i'll just have to ssh). yeah, so i've been installing gentoo linux on them, and its kind of a mess. every time i do install it i manage to screw up some aspect of the install. so i have to keep repeating it, which is ok really...but a big pain in the ass if you know what i mean. at least im getting better at it :-)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;music: so i found bright eyes...kinda. i had always listened to them before but never really paid any attention, then when i did it was like "WOW!" yeah, really great stuff. the lyrics are so....emotional and meaningful. damn, its great.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;lets hope i update tomorrow is well, get the ball rolling. oh, and i started reading Angels and Demons by Dan Brown, the author of the Da Vinci Code. yeah, that guy. thats all for now. later.
Music:nothingMood: wacky school is out! that means cool webstuff is on the way!
Music: DuvdevMood: screwed - need to STUDY! &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm not sure if that really counts as a mood or what, but its the truth. I spent the evening eating and watching The Return Of The King, then the early part of the night reading slashdot and checking deviantART and then this last part before tomorrow messing with pictures (i got my hands on this digital camera...still looking for a good pic of myself). so yeah, now that i'm blogging i'll have no time to write an essay and study a year's worth of math. oh well, i never really liked those classes anyway.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ever wish that you could tell everyone something, get their reaction, and then have them all forget? no? me neither, but i was thinking about it. today was an interesting day. is that all i should say? anything more may land me in a bad place....oh well i can always delete it, right?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;so i was gone from my house today from about 2:00 to 6:30. thats a long time to be gone. too long to just be out riding the bike, or at the park. yeah, i had to be somewhere...with someone. at least thats what my mom suspected as she made crude references like "so whats her name?" yeah, im not liking that. let me explain:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;so once upon a time nick hung out with this girl, and then they kissed, and then he wasn't sure what to call this new thing in his life but he didn't feel very commited. of course he never gave it time to grow but u could call it having a girlfriend. time goes by. theres this awkward period of time where they don't talk. then one day they're waiting outside the guidance office together and start to chat. nothing important but it gets things moving again.. so they talk online and realise how much they kinda miss each others company and how they really don't want a relationship but just want to be friends and have "benefits" and hang out and stuff. and should another person come along they can stop the benefits part and go out with that new person. sounds like just what nick was looking for. he's in. they start to hang out again...a lot.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;so today was one of those hang out days. i biked there (i also biked there yesterday but her mom came home unexpectedly and i had to hurry out the back before much happened). its a good 3-4 miles (look how far i go for some action). i bike there in about 15 minutes with stoplights and everything else and then we hang out for like 4 hours. of course her little brother is home the whole time. then her mom comes home. then her little sister comes home...theres not much alone time there. except for later on when the kids go in the pool and her mom is somewhere, and i happen to be hiding downstairs. where she finds me, and then i sit in a chair and then we kiss for woh knows how long. then the kids are out of the pool and her mom wants her to set up the badmitton net for the kids....and wonders why were "talking" in a dark area downstairs...yeah, not too cool.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;so then we act like nothing happened, and her mom leaves for the store with her little sister and her brother is downstairs on the computer playing Collapse. so we go upstairs on the couch. and we kiss some more. and the kissing gets better the each session, which is cool. then the brother comes upstairs to play laser tag by himself. we head back downstairs and do some more kissing. i'd stay but its getting late as it is and i need to get home before there are more questions than there will already be.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So as im biking home i have this thought: "what does it mean to be dating anyway?" isn't it kinda where 2 people go places together and hang out with some kissing involved? isn't that what im doing? does that make us dating even tho i don't want to be dating? so here i am and i still don't know what exactly this is. its the same boyfriend/girlfriend idea. if you are friends, and you're kissing, that makes you boyfriend and girlfriend right? or do you need to have special feelings for one another? i don't really have those kind of feelings. so...what does all this mean? i guess i think about this entirely too much, but it needs to be thought about.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;oh, and the other problem, another thing i don't want people i know reading but something i would like advice on all the same. when it comes to feeling up a girl, how does it work? i mean if she has a bra on its not all that easy and theres little point to it. or am i wrong? i don't know, never done this before. if someone would kindly explain this to me it's be great...or not, you know how it goes.
Music: Fairweather: If They Move...Kill ThemMood: wow...I may not make it through the day &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;YAY! Lets have a nice little chat about nick perception of relationships, because they end up consuming a large part of his time and he wants to define his take on them so that he can examine himself and make a good choice. Here we go...&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So I've had one girlfriend...ever. It was this year not too long ago. Maybe a month or two. And it wasn't very girlfriend/boyfriend oriented at the time either. I can't say it was ever more than a label for me kissing another person a few times after school. Every time I look back on it, I think of a new reason, or set of reasons, or examine my reasons for ending the relationship. Fidelity is a very important moral to me. More important than telling the truth, than a lot of other things (its late and my brain has hit its dead point). At the time I had met a very special person that I wanted to get to know more intimately (that never panned out, that's the way these things go I guess - I still talk to her but she doesn't seem interested and she lives a little ways away) and so I was afraid to lock myself into a relationship.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Because I would feel like the biggest jerk in the world to date someone then drop them as soon as someone else comes along, or to even kiss someone else behind their back, I had to kill the relationship before it got any further than it had. You know, I never thought about what a relationship really is. It is more than just kissing, or even being friends. A relationship is more about love, about dedication, about you and that other person and what you make together.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Making out and being "friends with benefits" and hanging out is not the same thing. That's what a lot of high school, and even college I suppose, relationships are. Sure there's more sex in college, but that doesn't really change much when you examine a relationship. Now don't get me wrong I'm not going to go sleep with a whole bunch of people because its not a relationship and I don't have to feel guilty. I'm very much against random people sex...but that's bound to change.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So now I realize I'm really just being close friends with this person. Is that a bad thing? We both seem to just want to be able to kiss with nothing to lose. But isn't that the age old seamier? That both of you want nothing to lose but you end up making it bigger than it should be, and having feelings you shouldn't, and then each person loses something. That's the way it goes I guess.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This brings me to the topic of death...why that is the title of an entry about relationships I don't know. I'm too tired to read this and find out where I left out too much info for this to make any sense. Anyway...2 people very close to me are worried that a person close to them may die. So I listen to both because I know that they need it and I try to be helpful. And anyways I may look back on this and realize all this relationship talk was like blood in the water with a shark nearby. I'm foretelling something. Wow...
Music: Streaming Psy/Goa TranceMood: Tired &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I owe this to myself. I haven't been able to blog in a while, and now that I can, that is exactly what I am going to do. This is the first step of many on the road of self improvement. I am going to become the person I have always dreamed of being, but never put forth the effort to become. I always thought that it would just happen. That all of a sudden I would be brilliant, talented, charming. No, that's not how it works, not in the real world anyway. You can't just want to change. You can't just let time run its course. If you want change you have to decide, here and now, if you will put forth the time, the energy, the effort, and subject yourself to countless hours of education and scrutiny while you sculpt yourself into the person you desire to be.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;A lot of adults I meet tell me that I am a very intelligent and interesting young man. I recently met a woman, my college advisor who will assist me in the college search, and talked to her for about 4 hours in our first meeting. By the end of that meeting, she already knew that I was educated, intelligent, and that I had a great mind. I'll admit that most of those things are true. The sad part is that those traits only take you so far. Drive, hard work, commitment, and good old common sense are also important qualities. I am not as blessed in that respect as I am in raw intelligence. Well, as others must study harder and think longer to compensate for their deficiencies, so must I.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I was never a news reader. I never felt the need to constantly know what was going on in the world around me and let everything pass me by. I would spend countless hours on pointless, meaning less research about computer and internet material that was guaranteed to change drastically within the next 5 years, that I had no use for at the present time. I avoided the work that was required of me that would help me improve in school and as a writer and as a thinker, and instead looked for ways to further separate myself from society. This was not only damaging to my future, as grades DO count, but it hurt me as a person. I always thought that to be an intellectual you had to be well versed in only a few topics, and surround yourself with people with similar interests. Oh how wrong I was.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It is impossible to take a stance on an issue when you have no knowledge of the issue, or you repeat arguments you have heard others make, or you fake knowledge and make up your mind on the spot. You have no evidence, you learn nothing, and you can do nothing to help others refine their viewpoint. I admit, while someone who is ignorant can bring up issues that have not been covered and offer opposing viewpoints, they cannot truly help or change anyone. I used to be that ignorant person, who heard the news last and only heard a secondhand version of it. I was wasting my intelligence by being ignorant. I reached a point and decided I had to change.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I was never really happy with my outward appearance. I have never considered myself good looking or attractive. I could lie to myself, but in truth I felt that I exhibited no attractive qualities. Once again, I was prepared to let that run its course. That I would either change by chance, or that something would happen to me to bring about change. Never did I think to take it upon myself and dedicate myself to improving my outward appearance. For maybe a week I would do push-ups or some other exercise, but because I never saw any improvement (I never gave it a chance) I gave up. I lacked the dedication to change, and at the same time I was going about it in entirely the wrong way. By exercising, I hoped to make myself more appealing to others. That I would be better equipped to survive (survive what, I'm not sure). I would wear t-shirts in the cold to prove that I could withstand the temperatures, I ate and drank less, to show that I could manage, I slept less so that I knew that I didn't need a full night sleep to function. Instead of improving myself by depriving myself of needs, I simply damaged my body and hurt myself.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I was doing everything wrong. We (or I, I'm not sure how others feel) attribute qualities of weakness or softness with those people who are well fed, appropriately dressed, and who receive enough sleep. Perhaps it is a way for those who lack those qualities and are jealous to raise themselves up. Whatever the reason, it is better to be well fed ect. So I started to drink lots of water, a lot more than I used to anyway. I drank very little each day. Perhaps one liter of liquids in total each day. While this was enough to survive, I was denying my body what it needed. Now that I drink 3 liters or more of just water each day, I can already see a marked difference. This is a good change that is simple, and helps to improve me instead of hurting me.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I jumped onto that other topic, and never finished the previous one. But as I write I feel like I'm writing more and more bullshit. Sure it feels good to write, but is it worth anything? No, I doubt it. Nevertheless, I shall finish what I have started and tell you the rest of the tale (the likelihood of ANYONE reading this far into my blog, if they even read it at all, is close to none).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So I started reading the news. I got an RSS reader, called an aggregator, that gets me news from the Washington post, the BBC, and TIME every time they publish a new article. This allows me to read the news and stay up to date. Yay, go me. So that's enough of THAT!Its quite late at this point...time to finish up my work and head to bed - its where I belong.
've tried running my own blog, till my webhosting crapped out. I tried livejournal, but im just not a livejournal kind of guy, im a blog kind of guy. I'm giving this a shot, because i love to have a place to post all the useless info about my day and have people read about it. or at least give them the option to.A blog provides for an emotional release, a chance for me to get feelings off my chest and store them so i can examen them later. lets hope blogger will do all that i need it to.
Music:Coheed And Cambria - CassiopeiaMood:TOO MUCH WORK DAMNIT &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The point is that this site needs some coolness...and once i get some time from this hell that consumes the focus of my being every waking moment (that could be the internet or school - not sure which) I'll custo-mizate-ish it. It will probably include some cool stuff fromurlLink deviantart(great art site, go waste a few hours there), megatokyo, and other random stuff. my sites all look like crap, but who cares?&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;yeah, so now onto all this make up work i have due in the last 2 days of school because of a goddamn sinus infection that won't go away. [insert scream here].
Music:Yellowcard - Ocean AvenueMood:DeterminedWell, this may be what i needed. I can blog, and everything else just fine. it has comments, i can post info about me, its allllll good.look forward to numerous posts about how my life is and all sorts of other tidbits. I don't hold much back in a blog, tho i have learned not to tell people everything, because then they get interested and bad things happen. Keep it on the DL. yeah, i have a paper to write now, maybe another post before i go to bed.
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Blog Image:urlLink
Music:Brand New - I Will Play My Game Beneath The Spin LightMood:I got bit by a hornet (or angry buzzing variant) today while mowing the lawn. that bastard. bit me right on the leg, he did. my leg still hurts, and is kinda tight around the area...I started installing linux on my sisters computer, soon it will be all finished and i'll have the most bad-ass linux computers in town . I could include more, but there aren't any linux/computer buffs that read this. for a flame war about if linux or windows is better:urlLink Linux vs. Windows: What's The Difference? I also kinda broke off my friends with benefits deal. it wasn't my complete intention, but she kept insisting that i sneak out of the house late at night to visit her. I told her no, that i wasn't really enjoying the whole thing, and that what i really wanted was a girlfriend and not someone to just fool around with. she got mad, and thats the end of that. she said lots of things like "i should have listened to my friends" and more stuff like that. why do i have a funny feeling that most of my future relationships will end this way?I had a dream last night that i was having sex with someone. thats the first time i've ever managed to have sex in a dream. the downside was that I didn't end up getting off and it ended in a really weird way...it involved school and a few other things. i shouldn't be having school/sex dreams this early in the summer, i need another month to cool off.I also went to the library today to research colleges. I found one of those Peterson/Thompson books that gives you an overview of the college. I looked at 11 colleges that a college councilor suggested, and I found out a few interesting things. I'm going to have to do further research, then i'll decide which ones I want to visit.The 11 colleges are: (+=good, ++=great, O=neutral, -=not intersted, ?=no idea) 1. Princeton: + 2. Brown: - 3. MIT: O 4. Carnegie Mellon: ++ 5. Bucknell: O 6. Lafayette: O 7. Lehigh: + 8. Stevens Institute of Technology: + 9. Rensselaer: O 10. University of Rochester: - 11. Wocester Polytechnic Institute: ?I couldn't find any info on WPI. Feel free to comment on the colleges.
Music:more trance...trance spreeeee!Mood: urlLink ">HOMEMADE FLAMETHROWER!!I don't know if i sohuld repeat that or what, but check it out....greatest thing ever... 
Blog Image:urlLink
It has been an hour in the making, but I finally finished my cool new picture to fit the whole "cartoon" theme of my website. It took me a while to find a website with a face designer, because everyone knows I am not that much of an artist. I found this one website that was so good, I decided to make all of my friends too. So I shall be asking everyone else to change their profile pictures to the cool new cartoon pictures I made. 
Hello again everyone!Welcome to the "Viral Cartoon Show", and this is where all the traffic from Kakutama +3 is going to focus for a while. Some of us are still fighting with each other, while the rest of us have moved on.I am talking about how my sister is still bothering Mute about how he never takes any risks. That is for another time though, back to describing this cool new website.It is a project at the moment, and Mute shall be joining me soon. He was the first one to jump aboard on my brand new idea for a website. Then when Michelle heard about how Mute was joining me, she decided to tag along. The mysterious Adam (Michelle lives with him) also has started to show some interest in the world of the internet. Maybe he is going to jump on the band wagon also! 
Soon there will be a giant upload of character biographies. Including individual bios there will also be group bios that contain the relationship data of each "couple". So as soon as we get off our lazy asses, and I finish editing Jackie's hack job, then the pictures will be posted along with the information. 
It has been brought to my attention that the first set of cartoon characters I made, were not as good as they should have been. Well, I thought they were fucking awesome, but everyone else said they were crap. So, I remade them again and again, and then another time and finally came up with some good ones.For some reason Ian and Michelle's characters are the hardest to make. I keep going back to them trying to perfect them to what they actually look like. It is hard, there is something about those two that makes it difficult to put onto paper. Abby, Adam, and I were easy ones to make. I knew exactly what to do with each one.In a couple days we are going to start doing different things on this website, so get ready for some fun. None of the yelling that occurs on Kakutama +3. 
Adam is joining the ranks of my great website tomorrow. The weird thing is, neither Mute nor I know him personally. I just know him through Mute, whom knows him through Michelle. Yet, it is always great when I meet new people! I welcome him aboard! It looks like my great idea for a website is finally being realized by everyone else from Kakutama +3. It also looks like no one but Abby is posting on it. Looks like everyone has realized who the better of the two Emmons sisters is. The long battle has finally ended and I win. 
After discussing things in a chat room with Jackie, Michelle, and myself. We have all come to the conclusion that we needed a fresh start. Jackie jumped at the idea of having a sister sight to Kakutama +3. I agreed to join her new "cartoonish styled website" under the circumstance that my cartoon character didn't look like a retard. I don't understand why this is called a "cartoon" website in the first place. It is more like, switching profile pictures to cartoon versions and just talking about different things. But, I will not rain on Jackie's juggernaught of a parade. I will just tag along and ride this thing as far as it will take me.On another note, I have noticed that this website is very... pink. I am unsure why Jackie wants to "pink" it out, when she knows there is going to be two men joining the damn sight. I actually don't care though, she is in control on this one. So if she decides to run it into the ground, it is all her. 
I have been addicted to a game called "Kingdom Hearts" lately. Starting over a couple of times, I finally obtained a file that I did well in. Instead of losing the race in the beginning, I actually won. Now the Gummi Ship is called Excalibur. I win Riku, so you can go cry in a hole somewhere, but not in my Gummi Ship. I don't tolerate that bullshit. 
Jackie is actually speaking to me, which is very wonderful. She asked me if Adam and I wanted to join this new website, and I had nothing better to do so I agreed. I just have to say that I love the color of the website. It is my favorite color in the world and Ian knows that. Anyway, I guess I need to get a cartoon picture of myself too, if I want to be in this little group. 
I guess AVP didn't go over to well. I should have known since they didn't give critics an advance screening like they do with regular movies. I was going to see it, but now I think I would rather drown myself in the puddle outside my window. It sucks that two of the greatest monster franchises ever, were ruined just like that. Actually Aliens were ruined in "Alien Resurrection" and Predator ended at "Predator 2". I don't know who thought a transition from the California governor to Danny Glover would be okay. That is the last fight I want to see, some chump from Lethal Weapon against a creature with an atomic bomb on his wrist, and for some retarded reason Danny Glover seems to win. 
MOTHER FUCKING SHITFACE ASSHOLE! godamnit!!!!!! i had all this shit written out and i hit the back button by accident and i went forward again and all my writing is gone! im pretty pissed off........ anyways... um... what was i saying!!!11!!!1! damn bastard blogger.... okay, im good now, if i can only remember what i talking about in that hugeass post........ahhh yesHey motha fuckas! I havent posted in a few days, been too lazy and kyles been takin care of this shit anyways, good job kyle, im real proud, son. Okay, im going to be serious for two seconds... 1.....2.... okay no more seriousness, its bad for my health... now back to the adventures of kyle and david part 3:(gathered in kyles basement) david : hey kyle, get ur fatass over here! kyle : what the hell you want mother fucker? pet monkey(whos sitting on kyles shoulder): yeah nigga, the fuck you want? david : who the fuck is on ur shoulder? whatever, hey man....... you guys got some..... ganja? kyle : ...... david : ......... kyle : ............. pet monkey : .......yeah man i do! how much u want? kyle slaps his pet monkeykyle : godamnit, monkey! how many times do i have to tell you not to sell that green shit to david? david : hahahhahahahah kyle spanked his monkey! hahahhahahahahah. kyle : ........ pet monkey : ..........hahah that was pretty funny actually.... kyle : no it wasnt pet monkey : yes it was kyle : no it wasnt pet monkey : nevermind, why are we here again? ..........yesitwas david : godamnit monkey, doesnt kyle teach you anything? we are going on a road trip to see our hero so we can get shit faced with him and beat the crap outta robert deniro! kyle : we are? david : yeah, didnt you read the memo? jebus christ, kyle, you never listen to me anymore, its as if you arent here kyle : well maybe if you were around more.... pet monkey : oh god, here we go again.... fuck no, you two just stfu kyle : whos car are we taking? david : yo mommas! kyle slaps davidkyle : just stfu you little poor peice o' shit.pet monkey : we can take my banana cart kyle : nooo! thats a bad monkey!*DING DONG*david : OH SHIT! THEY HERE FO ME... HIDE MY SHIT MAN! HURRY kyle : dude, lay off the crack, its makin you way too hyper pet monkey : hello? willy : hey guys! lemme in, its cold out here kyle : go away willy, no one likes you willy : but.... i thought you were my best friend! kyle : no actually im not willy : but....but....(willy starts crying and runs away) david : thank god you didnt let him in, i hate that little cock so much pet monkey : tru dat brotha kyle stares at his pet monkey for 32 secondskyle : godamnit, monkey, no! we talk white in here, remember that always stupid monkey.... doorbell rings againdavid : godamn, kyle, ur basements busier than yo momma. pet monkey : okay, that was just stupid david : sorry kyle : shhh, its brad, we dont wanna let him know we are home brad : i know u guys are home! lemme in! i want an icehouse! kyle lets brad indavid : .....brad..... great....... brad : hey guys! i got an idea! lets go crazy broadway style!!! kyles monkey hits brad in the head with a baseball batpet monkey : stupid peice of white trash, lets just leave him here kyle, david : okay! kyle : so, whos our hero again? david : oh my god, kyle? are you serious?kyle : no, im joking..... david : good, i thought so kyle : ....... david : why are you glaring at me? pet monkey : lets just go... david : pull over i gotta pee kyle : are you high? we arent even in the car yet... david : yeah, i knew that, i was just.... testing your reaction time... pet monkey : yeah, i bet..... kyle, do we have any money left from the briefcase? david : i thou- pet monkey : I DONT REMEMBER ASKIN YOU A GODAMN THING! kyle : yeah, you little bastard, we got some cash left pet monkey : good, cuz my name is frank, brother of joe, got me some crack, want me some hoe david:where the fuck did you get this monkey? kyle:he just kind of showed up one day... david:are you ready for some Dr. J? kyle:fuck yeah brother! lets do it! david pours three shots of Dr. J then drinks all threekyle:....thanks buddy david:oh my bad, you wanted some? kyle:no no no, i just wanted to watch you get drunk david:good, then its all mine, did the mets win? kyle:jebus, you really need some brain cells david:whered that talking rat go? kyle:you mean my pet monkey? david:no, that little rat that constantly quotes pulp fiction kyle:are you sure that wasnt one of ur dreams? david:hmm... could have been kyle:i gotta empty the third leg, be right back kyle leaves and in walks a little ratdavid:hah! i knew it! hey motha fucka! whats up? rat:what does marcellus wallace look like? david:what? rat:what country you from? david:what?? rat:what? what aint no country i ever heard of, do they speak english in what? david:what??!?! rat:SAY WHAT AGAIN, SAY WHAT AGAIN, I DARE YA, I DOUBLE DARE YA MOTHER FUCKER, SAY WHAT ONE MORE GODAMN TIME! DOES MARCELLUS WALLACE LOOK LIKE A BITCH? david:wha- what? rat shoots david in the shoulder and kyle walks back in the roomkyle:wtf is going on in here? david:ur godamn rat just shot me! kyle:what rat? theres no rat in here... stupid crack baby, i told you to lay off the pipe, ur gettin way to crazy and hiper david:oh okay, sounds good. ok wow... i just wasted 20 minutes of my life typiing that nonsense, that was the stupidest thing ive ever done, well almost, like when i put my.... no... thats another story. peace motha fuckas!
She packed my bags last nightPre-flight,Zero hour, nine a.m.And I'm gonna be high as a kite by then.I miss the earth so much,I miss my wife.It's lonely out in spaceOn such a timeless flight.And I think it's gonna be a long, long timeTill touch down brings me round again to findI'm not the man they think I am at home.Oh, no, no, no,I'm a rocket man,Rocket man burning out his fuse up here alone.Mars ain't the kind of place to raise your kids,In fact it's cold as hellAnd there's no one there to raise them if you did.And all this science,I don't understand.It's just my job, five days a week,A Rocket man.I'm very sorry. 
MWAHAHAHAHA. This is my first post. I hate being not at the beach. So, anywho, Dr. J has up and left, and now there is no oneto cure my ills.Isaw a Brett at a rest stopon the way home.Nearly shat myself. I hate Bretts. I asked for some of his refreshing beverage to wash down my tasty burger, but he told me to go fuck myself. So I said, "Brett, you are most definitely NOT a smart motherfucker," and proceeded to bust at least 10 caps in his sorry white ass.Anyways, i'm sitting at my computer, currently listening to "A Day in the Life" by the Beatles. Its trippy. And i'm also talking to alissa. she said she'll be right back. She's back now. So anyways, David, get your sorry as down here. I need a drinkin buddy.And someone to pick up chicks with. Wait a minute, what chicks??? There's chicks in Canada? Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeit. Now i'm listening to some floyd. Young Lust. Ooooooooooooooooo..........I need a dirty woman.I really do. Like, fuck man. Its raining cats and dogs outside. Where the hell did that expression come from? I mean, what the hell. Raining cats and dogs??? Why the hell not sheep and llamas. This calls for some affirmative action.I mean, if several Mexican Whooping Llamas can't get the same treatment as a couple of mangy cats and dogs, then what will become of the North American Spotted Llama!? Won't someone please think of the children. For the love of Jebus H. Christ. I believe the "H" stands for Harold. I'm no listening to Ode To Joy, I'll tell ya, the change in mood can almost kill a man. You wanna know why i'm listening to it? because i'm a cultured sunnofabitch, that's why. I sip whiskey, drive a bently, and hate network televison. Now there's some crazy latin shit in the song. Why? because latin's cultured. Yes yes...now i believe i'ma set as spell on the veranduh and have the slaves whip up some mint julips. What the hell is a mint julip? Is it like a tulip? except more "j" and less "t"? Now back to some floyd. From the wall, guaranteed to pick your spirits up. Well, it beats peter frampton. i hate that man. yet i can't stop listening to show me the way. oh fuck, i need a drink. i'm goneWill batman escape from catwomans claws? or will that feline feind's revenge be the cat's meow???? Find out, same bat time, same bat channel!!!
silly kyle, chics are for guys..... post me up some shit here or ima keep bashing you
So, whats with those damned grizzlies? Those stupid brad lookin mother fuckers tried to roll up in our surf like its their own turf. They got confused, stupid cheese dicks. By the way, www.ronharris.com is the shit. Anyways, back to the ranting. So, the other night, some stupid bitches rolled up to the clubhouse where me and that godamn canadian were hangin out, right? You with me, keep up, son. So then these other bitches came over and were like "hey bitch, we the bitches around here, bitch." So i just sat back and watched the show. When the clothes started gettin torn off i got excited.... i ran as fast as i could home and grabbed the video camera and the girls gone wild t-shirt and ran back. On the way back to the clubhouse, i didnt forget to bring some buckets of mud for them to wrestle in. It was awesome.EXTREME CLOSEUP.Okay, so those bitches started going at it and it was the worst thing ive ever seen. THey forgot to wear nothing under their clothes so we didnt get a good show! Kyle did run off to the bathroom for about 30 seconds though. Oh and by the way, as you might have noticed by previous posts, TONGUE RINGS ARE THE MOTHER FUCKING SHIZNIT.............YEAHHHHHHH!!! GIGGITY!!! Um..... okay, well now that we got that settled, we are gonna go get drunk since its kyles last night at the beach. Hopefully there wil lbe some nice chics at the deli tonight if we both go. Pop in a nice Backstreet Boys cd on the way and kcik back and listen to some nice musac. Okay, GODAMNIT KYLE! DIdnt we talk about this? Miss Spears needs a brake, her ass is getting too bruised. Go work on Kiera Knightley for a while, shes been a badddddd girl. HOOOOOOYAHHHHHHHH 
Fuckin kyle, you little bastard, what are you doin? Get ur ass home so we can get drunk my brotha! Ima start postin some crazy shit about ya on here if you fail. And yes my friend, we have learned that tongue rings are the mother fuckin bombdiggities. Godamn, edit this shit up b4 you get a smack down. I dont even know what the fuck im sayin anymore, im just kind of randomly hitting keys on the board here. Yep, alright, so this crazy lookin goat walked up to me one day and was like "Hey motha fucka! You got some weed?". Dude, i was like... "WHOA FOOL, dont be steppin up to me like you know me, cuz you dont know me motha fucka!" I mean this goat was one narly lookin fella. He had like a fuckin eyepatch and he had a peg leg motha fucka. So i just pulled back my left hand and just bitch slapped the shit outta that goat.He dropped down and crawled his little goat ass away. And then his girlfriend walked up to me and got all up in my face "Why you hit my man like that, i pop ya foo!", so then i said "What the fuck do you want you goat fucker?!?", and shes lke "I said... what you doin motha fucka? I pull out my nine and pop a cap up in ya forhead bitch!"..... i can take a lot of shit man, but that goat fucker was pissin me off. So, then i was like "Step off! Bitch please, youd have to run and jump up to hit me in the knees! And once i pull out that glock, that glock dont stop. So you best turn ur goat fuckin self around and step the fuck off." Yeah man, she got all scared, she ran off after her little goat fuckin companion. Yeah, i told that biotch off. 
We just wanna say that tongue rings are the mother fuckin shiznit.... write more later, see yas
"the end has begun"how can you not seeyour soul is dying to be free nothing matters to me cause its your damned destiny now its stuck in your head the single thing that you dread your fear is to be dead well i hope you've read the saviour's book who bled(chorus) look at the face in the mirror your head is getting clearer you know its calling you nearer realize that face is the reaper the time has come to meet your keeper the time has come and you'll soon be done why cant you understand the end has begunnow it comes to your surprise with shouts and cries you finally realize you passed the time that was wise but its too late to shed your guise all you see is the things you despise go ahead and give it your best tries you'll never ever reach the skies the color red consumes your eyes just hope you've said your goodbyes(chorus) look at the face in the mirror your head is getting clearer you know its calling you nearer realize that face is the reaper the time has come to meet your keeper the time has come and you'll soon be done why cant you understand the end has begun 
Kyle, you really need to post something funny or something cool here. No stories? When i get home ill have to do a bunch of shit so atleast ill have somethin fun to talk about in here lol. Get me some stories fool! Christmas '04... you and me bro... you know i need to get my ass up there..... hooooorahhhh... now ima hafta start postin some lyric... hhahahahhaha freestylin time??!?!?!??! Kyle.. you need some rhymin skillz, so peep this foo. lol, this is going against everything i believe in...fate is against me if its not this then its that, see? theres no melody that'll surpass this entity there nothing i can do cept lay back and sip on the brew well this is a story of a young g there aint no glory or partyin in the OC he neva got hit cuz his shit was slick wasnt like the other fo's cuz he stayed away from the hoes he was thrown into some academy that seemed like a bad parody so he was sent to this school cuz his parents didnt want to raise no fool this school tried to rule his life but this was just the tip of the knife he saw thru their disguise now alls he wanted was their demise 
					 						 Terry was telling me that he did an interview on Wednesday withurlLink Mix 96 , and they repeated the inteview yesterday every hour, on the hour. He's also been interviewed by Stoke Mandeville hospital radio, and plans also to be interviewed by 3 counties radio. It's nice to see his books are starting to sell now. 						 
					 						 Well, me and Jeff have just come back from a certain pub in a certain nearby village. We had a meal and discussed our forthcoming itinery in Canada. While we were waiting for the food to arrive, the waitress noticed all our books on Canada spread across the table, a scale model of the CN tower*, posters advertising Niagara Falls, Pots of Maple Syrup*, Maps of Toronto opened up, T-shirts saying I'm going to Canada*-not to mention overhearing every sentence uttered by the two of us, that began with the not-so-cryptic words, 'When we're in Canada...,' and she hovvered by our table and said, 'Hmm..yo' going to Canada then?' So what will we be doing then? Welllllll, aside from the trip on themaid of the mistunder Niagara Falls which is already paid for, we've established that we're going to go up the CN Tower and possibly have a meal up there-that way they waive the entrance fee. We'll go on a guided tour of Toronto on the Monday complete with picture stops. That way anything we see on the tour that interests us sufficiently we'll explore later in the week. We've decided to also go on a ferry that tours the islands around Toronto-the views from the sea are incredible. I want to photograph the building where Earnest Hemingway started off his career in Yonge Street(The largest street in the world), and also the church where the Cowboy Junkies recorded one of their sessions. Perhaps we'll also visit the comedy club where Dan Akroyd and Jim Carey started there career. I think we're going to have to visit one of the ice hockey stadiums, or the baseball stadium also while we're there. I sent an Email to&nbsp;friend in Toronto and asked for help in finding the nearest Hall to our hotel, and he very helpfully obliged, so hopefully on the Tuesday we'll be able to go to a meeting. On the Thursday we'll be in another hotel-this time in Niagara, so I've still got to find out where the nearest meeting place is there. But, I'm working on it.... Just 38 days to go now! *=Not actually true.						 
					 						 Recently, I've been helping out a friend put together their website. He's a writer of finance books, and has just set up his own publishing company called TwigBooks. The website can be found aturlLink twigbooks.com . Anyway, Terry has very generously offered to pay me 2% of whatever profits are made for helping him(after he's broken even) so please buy!!!!						 
					 						 At Milton Keynes yesterday afternoon, I went to see Oscar Wilde's,'The importance of being Earnest ' starring Wendy Craig.urlLink Picture.From an actors perspective, it has to be one of the most charming plays ever created in the English Language. Because the play has such distinctive, well-rounded and extremely well known-parts, each actor is seriously limited in the liberties which they can take with regards to stretching their role. For instance, how many different ways can Lady Bracknell cry out with indignation, 'A handbag! You was found in a handbag!' without triggering the audience into mass revolt? With that in mind, Christopher Luscombe could probably of directed the performance using semaphore from a holiday home on the south coast of Australia, and none of the audience would of been any the wiser. Despite there being an auto-pilot element about the performances, you could tell the whole cast still enjoyed acting out their polished-to-perfection roles. The scenery and props did not overly clutter the stage, but remained tasteful, and simple through each of the three different acts. I didn't quite understand the lighting. The 1st act set in Algernon Moncreff's flat was fairly dark which was understandable since it WAS inside. The 2nd Act, which was in the garden at Manor House, Woolton, was only slighly brighter, despite being supposedly set outside in brilliant sunshine, but it was the 3rd Act that really threw me-it was INSIDE the Manor House yet the lighting was dazzlingly bright:even brighter then the garden outside. Even with all my lights on, the interior of my house can not compete with direct sunlight. Surely, it would of been even more unlikely in 1912, when the play was set? Was there some strange curvature of light through space and time, or something on the Milton Keynes stage? Yes, it's just a silly observation, but nevertheless I still could not allow it to escape my mind. I liked Josephine Tewson.urlLink Picture . (who is best known for her role as Liz inKeeping up appearances ). She played her part earnestly-excuse the pun, with a resonance that stuck all the right chords. The only actor who failed to display any stage presence at all was a certain Frank Middlemass. He may have have made his name by proving very competant in the past, but in this piece, he struggled to project his voice to the audience, and there was a number of times, where frankly Frank Middlemass seemed to fluff his lines! But overall a wonderfull production of a wonderful play. 8/10 						 
					 						 Finally, got the chance to see Willy Russell's musical, 'Blood Brothers,' performed at the Milton Keynes theatre. I must of seen a dozen shows at this venue. It's a good location. MK is an attractive, large capacity (1400 seats) modern built theatre. Blood brothers was an enjoyable musical with a very capable cast headed by Linda Nolan. The play was a mixture of surprizingly good music(given that Willy Russel also wrote the score), well-acted drama, and laugh-out-loud comedy. The character known as Mickey played by Sean Jones especially stood out. The range of his acting was so diverse-seeing him extract every last drop of humour from the childhood he so effectvely portrayed (riding around on imaginary horses and firing imaginary guns into imaginary Indians) right through to the true depth of inner turmoil he displayed once the deep insecurities of his poverty-stricken life had surfaced, and the dark shadows of memory and consequence had taken its toll. I only had two problems with the play itself. Firstly, the outcome and ending of the play is revealed in the opening 1st few minutes. I realise that most writers only undertake such an operation because it allows us the audience to gain that sense of 'completeness' having watched the show and seen the slowly developed tension resolved through returning to the same visual motiff we saw at the beginning. It works very effectively in some scripts, however in BB, in some respects it killed the play, reducing at once, any potential of the script having an emotional impact upon us, because as an audience we always knew what was coming. Secondly, I had a problem with the soap-box politics of the script. The two brothers were seperated at birth and both went on to live radically different lives unaware of one another, and the script went to great lengths to explain this was entirely as a result of their different circumstances and surroundings. Not only was this message implied, it was explicitly stated by at least two of the characters - that if you grow up in a poor environment, and get none of the chances that others automatically get, then you'll almost certainly fail in life. This is simply not true. Often those who grow up in harsh, oppresive conditions brought about through poverty, grow up to be VERY successful achievers. Such ones often have a stronger desire to achieve, perhaps because they have so much more to prove, whereas those who are priviledged by having everything handed to them on a plate, often lack the required motivation. The play itself proves my point. Liverpool from where Willy Russel originates and from where the play itself is set, has always had one of the highest levels of unemployment in the developed world, at times in the past having levels that have approached 25%-certainly by Russel's own left-wing agenda, not exactly an ideal climate for success-yet from this same city, there has been an explosion of talent; the poets Adrian Henri, Roger McGough and Brian Patten, the dramatists Alan Bleasdale, Phil Redmond(Brookside), Chris Bernard(Letter to Brezhnev), and Willy Russel himself - not to mention the whole mereseybeat scene, the numerous comedians; Alexie Sayle, Arthur Askey, Leonard Rossiter, Jimmy Tarbuck, Kenny Everett... well, the list goes on. Overall however, these criticisms were minor, and as such, probably reveal more about me, then the play itself. I did very much enjoy the show. It's well, worth seeing. 8/10 						 
					 						 Hmmm...I'm assuming you've heard about my forthcoming adventure to the ever-so small metropolis of Toronto? No? But how can that be? - It's my 1st trip abroad, and oi thought I'd told EVERYONE! Ah, well...in May, I'm flying to Canada for a week. We'll be visiting Niagara Falls, and we've booked a trip on the world famous, 'Maid of the Mist' in which you get ABSOLUTELY soaked, and all for nothing. Apparently, as an extra they've thrown in a deal, where you can climb into an old barrel of your choice, and they'll also push you over the edge. Again, no charge. Wow! Land of the free, eh? Perhaps, that generosity will extend to other things as well. Like taxi cabs giving me a 'free' tour of the city, when I just wanted to cross to the other side of the road! As far as going up the CN tower(The world's tallest unsupported structure) is concerned, that particular issue is still being hotly, and rather anxiously debated.) I'm not sure I like that word 'unsupported' - It's a tad too descriptive. It makes the rapid ascent up into the stratosphere sound a little uncertain! Since, I'm only staying in Toronto a week, I realize I'm going to have to make every day count. With that in mind I've ordered a 'Lonely Planet' guide to Toronto, so that I can plan my trip in a bit more detail, before I actually get there. Everything's paid for except the food, but since food is extremely cheap in N.America and they stack everything up on your plate, I'm not really expecting too much expense beyond the standard bargain bucket basement price already outlayed. However.....given that the deal is sooo cheap, I'm expecting to be flying in some old Russian, demilitarized troop carrier, decked out with...well deck chairs. The plane will climb, and we'll all crash to the back of the plane in a heap, sitting on top of one another. Ah, well...it will keep us warm! Since, I don't imagine there'll be heating either! Or alternatively, maybe they'll just push us out the back of the plane with a parachute, 'There you are, Toronto's down there!' they'll say, 'Mind the CN tower.' 'And if you get blown off course, whatever you do, just don't land on Niagara falls. They've got mad people there. Just as you land, you might be bashed over the head by someone doing a double-back somersault, spinning round in their barrel as they tumble freestyle off the edge of the Falls, shouting, 'I'm mad me!' Anyway, just-a-60 days to go now.... (My Email address is richard@hp20.com)						 
					 						 I heard a story that apparently was true on the radio the other day concerning the explorer Captain Cook, and I wanted to write it down. "Capt. James Cook had a problem with his men. They kept getting scurvy. Having invested so much money into his voyages, obviously seeing his crew getting sick was not something he wanted. It was brought to his attention that German sailors however didn't get scurvy. The reason he put this down to was, that German sailors took barrels of sauerkraut on board with them when they went to sea. So Capt. Cook bought some barrels of sauerkraut himself and placed them on board his ship. Given that it is rather an acquired taste he knew that his sailors wouldn't touch the stuff, so the question is, how did he get them to eat it?" "It was quite ingenious. What he did was, he instructed that the words, 'For officers only,' be written on each of the barrels. Why did he do this? As soon as his sailors saw the signs, they naturally took offence. So in the middle of the night, the men crept down to where the barrels were being kept, and helped themselves. "If it's good enough for the officers,' they thought, 'it's good enough for us." The plan worked. The scurvy stopped, and Cook no doubt sat in his cabin laughing at just how clever he was." The only reason Capt.Cook's plan worked was he knew that his men would immediately feel a deep sense of injustice, as soon as they saw those barrels. He knew human nature. The fact that to most English people sauerkraut probably tastes disgusting-well, that didn't matter. It was the principle. Once the men had been deluded into thinking they were being cheated, he knew they would eat it, whatever it tasted like. We're all surrounded by injustice and we each experience that injustice every day of our lives. For most of us, the way we react to that injustice is just as predictable as the sailors course of action. 						 
					 						 Much of the morning today was spent thinking about a man you just could not meet every day. Bill was not even his real name. For some reason he just seemed to look like a 'Bill,' so that's what everyone called him. When I met him on W High street about 10 years ago, he was about 74 years of age, and he was kneeling down outside his home pumping up a flat tyre on his bicycle. I can still picture him now. About 5 foot 2, with grey hair and glasses. He looked at me, and I looked at him and there was this silent moment of recognition. Then he said the most fantastic opening sentence, 'Oh, I'm just pumping up my tyre!' and he slowly nodded to me as he said it, just in case there was any doubt. I was caught off guard by his simplistic and patently obvious statement. Now,thatwas the way to start a conversation. Draw people in with intrigue. Why did he say something that I already knew? I could see he was pumping up his tyre. But, that's what Bill was like. He'd never go the predictable generic route when you talk to people-Oh, talk about the weather, or ask the person how they are. He always liked to throw you a ball you couldn't catch. 'What do you think about this?' he'd say, as he pulled out a newspaper cutting. Everyday, that I saw him I felt more and more of an affinity with him. He didn't do, 'small talk.' Bill would always be pottering about in his back garden when I called. I'd open the gate to access the small block of flats he lived in, and hear the sound of his footsteps, and immediately it would make me smile, because I knew he was there and we could talk. He'd just say, 'Richard...,' and then launch into whatever he had been thinking about. Gradually, he allowed me more and more insight into his fascinating life. He often talked about the war. He'd worked in Royal Ordinance and had built bombs. However, he never talked like many war veterans, bandying phrases like, 'Fight for your country,' or 'bring back national service,' he saw war for what it was-a terrible and evil cloud that discoloured humanity. The thing that I remember most about him though was his complete disregard for following any specific pattern or formula when it came to conversation. That's how conversation between friends should be. No falseness, or formula. Whatever entered into Bill's head, he just went with it. We'd talk for about half an hour every day on subjects like friendship, history, family, village life - all sorts of things. Anything he learnt from a book, he wanted everyone else to share in that knowledge, so he told them, whether they liked it or not! I wanted to believe that Bill enjoyed our conversations as much as I always did. If I ever arrived early or late, he'd never be there, which made me suspect he was lonely and deliberately found something to do in his garden when I called. When I left, I asked my replacement about 6 months later how Bill was doing, and I explained where Bill lived, and all my replacement could say was, 'Who's Bill?' They'd never even met...For me, he was quite simply a man who you did not meet everyday. I still wish I could talk in that pure, undiluted, straight from the mind manner that was his specialty; unrestrained and unburdened from the custom and social expectation of tedious conversation. He died several years ago, and I miss him. I think it must of been my colleague Heather Cartwright's sudden death last weekend that got me thinking about the past and the people that I've known.urlLink Heather's website.I've known some wonderful people.						 
					 						 There is nothing I like better then to see a well-crafted script from a writer who has truly learnt his trade -where as soon as you see the actors march onto the stage from the wings, as an audience you just know that this is going to be something different. You settle down into your chair, as the lights dim and you can almost feel that dynamic energy in the air. You can see the expectancy and the excitement in the way the actors walk, the way they breath, they way they look at each other. They know. That this is something new, and something daring. As soon as the actors stepped onto the stage at Milton Keynes this afternoon to perform 'Full Circle' I knew from their expressions, the play itself was not going to stretch anyone. And it didn't. That's not to say, the show didn't have it's moments. I liked the scene where the writer Denise Darvel (Collins) introduces her 3 children to their respective fathers who they've never met before. Each father is told what a wonderful child they have. The children are too shy at 1st to emerge from their bedrooms to meet their fathers, so Denise shouts upstairs, 'Come on darlings, it's okay. You can come down.' And out onto the landing instead of the children steps Darvel's best friend who has heard them talking and opens the door to investigate. Darvel's friend is a 50-ish Dr, named Edward. The fathers look at each other in horror below. They themselves are about the same age as Edward! Finally, Sir Michael Anstruther cries out, '-Well, he's NOT mine!' It was the look on his face that did it. You couldn't help but laugh. It was a unique experience for me being on the front row. I'm usually 2/3 rows from the front. This time my feet were actually touching the stage. I was that close, I could hear the actors breath! John Quayle stole the show with his catalogue of quintessential English mannerisms. The nervous laughter filtered through every set dialogue. His eyes rolled and he cringed at just about everything he came into contact with. Here was a man who would go bright red if a woman just pointed the merest hint of a smile in his direction. It's his trademark, and he's built a whole career upon it. But it was Joan Collins everyone came to see. ( urlLink Picture of Joan & Biography ) Star of over 50 films. She's worked with just about everyone; Paul Newman, Robert Mitchum, Richard Burton, Gregory Peck, John Gielgud, Gene Kelly, Bette Davis....the list goes on forever. This is the kind of thing Joan Collins could do in her sleep. At one point, she stood right in front of me and I was only 5/6 foot away from her. She's certainly looked after herself over the years and she's aged well. However, there was a dullness in her eyes-probably from the lack-luster script and knowing about the oh-so predictable ending that was still to come. Joan Collins, I would have to say is probably better then this. Overall, I would say the play contained some excellent acting, but it was let down with an uninspired script. 6/10						 
					 						 At Psalms 108:2 it says, ' ....I will awaken the dawn .' That's quite a poetic sentence really if you think about it. It reminds me ofNessan Dormawhich translated means,'None shall sleep .' That's probably what goes through the minds of all my neighbours every morning at 4.30 am, after I've been up and down the stairs several times, run the bath, had my bath, got dressed, fed the cat, got my breakfast, turned my computer on, and cleaned my teeth! None shall sleep-Aha, well not if you have the misfortune of living next to me, that is. Here's a bit of free advice. If you're ever in a foreign country and there isn't a clock in the room and it's dark and you desperately need to know the time, all you have to do is start banging on a drum, and sing out loudly in the most disturbingly tuneless, raucous style you can manage, because someone will open their window immediately and shout out, 'WHO'S MAKING ALL THAT NOISE? DO YOU NOT KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS? IT'S......' and then you'll have your answer. -See, that was a bit of practical, useful information that was. You think this is all trivia, don't you? THIS is important stuff! In fact, it's an education. You go away thinking, 'Well, that's taught me!!'						 
					 						 I was just thinking about my PC and the worrying amount of things attached to it. I've got a scanner, a printer, a joystick, a web cam, a broadband modem, a digital camera and a separate stand alone microphone. On top of that in this room there's also a stereo, a guitar amplifier, a ceiling light, a table lamp, and an effects processor. When I leave the room, and I shut the door, I swear the street lamp outside burns that much brighter, trains start to run faster, and the traffic lights start getting back into sequence again! With all my electric gagetry switched off, and all that electricity suddenly restored to the national grid, I wouldn't be surprised....						 
					 						 I was recently sent the transcription (Thank you Melissa) of the will of one of my ancestors that lived in Sussex. I don't really expect you to read through this extremely convoluted text in its entirety - I almost fell asleep and I'm related to the man in question, but scan through it if you will and notice how the legal writer puts the document together. I could probably compress the entire document into about 20 sentences. But, that would be too easy. Why use one word, when you can use one hundred and sixty three thousand to say the exact same thing? -Okay, it WAS written in 1768, but still, is legal writing any less convoluted today? *Warning do not read if you have a heart condition. Ideally, you should be connected up to a heart monitor, and a Dr should be in the room with you if you do choose to read it-such is the mindnumbing danger of flatlining and being placed in a coma. Now, remember to watch the monitor closely; Right take a deep breath and.... beep, beep, beep, beep, durhhhhhhhhhhh_________ "In the Name of God Amen I George Seagrave of Fittleworth in the County of Sussex Yeoman being of sound and perfect mind memory and understanding thanks be to God Do make and declare this to be my last Will and Testament in manner and form following (that is to say) Whereas I have under form of law surrendered into the Hands of the Lord of the Mannor of Bury in the said County of Sussex All and every my customary Messuages Lands Tenements and Premises lying within and holden of the said Mannor To the Use and behoofe of such person and persons and to and for such Estate and Estates and under and upon such Conditions Provisos and Limitations as I in and by my last will and Testament in Writing to be by and duly Executed in the presence of Three or more credible Witnesses shall direct Limit or Appoint Now in Pursuance and by Virtue of the Surrender so by me made as aforesaid I do hereby give devise will and bequeath All that my customary Copyhold Messuage Barn Stable Buildings and several parcels of Land thereunto belonging containing by Estimation Sixty Acres One Rood and Twenty Five Perches of land called Hoeland And also One Close of Pasture thereunto adjoining and belonging called the Hoegreen containing by estimation Four Acres Which said Customary Messuage Barn Buildings Lands Tenements and Premises were late in the Exercise or Occupation of my son John Seagrave and are situate lying and being in the Parish of Bury in the County aforesaid and within and held of the said Mannor of Bury with all and singular their Rights Members and Appliances unto my daughter Ann Seagrave and my Granddaughter Mary Seagrave To have and to hold the same unto my said Daughter Ann Seagrave and my said Granddaughter Mary Seagrave and to their heirs and Assigns forever equally to be divided between them share and share Alike as Tenants in common and not as joint Tenants according to the custom of the said Mannor Chargeable nevertheless and I do hereby charge the same premises with One Annuity or Yearly Rentcharge of Ten Pounds of lawfull money of Great Britain to be paid thereout unto my Dear and loving Wife Margaret Seagrave for and during the Term of her natural life if she shall so long continue my Widow sole and unmarried at the Four most usual Feasts or Days of payment in the year (that is to say) at the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist Saint Michael the Archangel and the Birth of our Lord Christ by even and equal portions The First payment thereof to begin and be made on such of the said feasts You think you're nearing the end don't you? Hehehehe! as shall first and next happen after my decease but if she should happen to marry again Then I do hereby Will and direct that the said Annuity or yearly Rentcharge shall be paid her in manner as aforesaid for the term of Five Years only from the Day of her Marriage if she shall so long live Also I give and bequeath unto my said wife Over and besides the said Annuity the Sum of Five Pounds to be paid unto her out of my personal estate by my Executrix hereinafter named Within One Month next after my Decease Also I give and bequeath unto my said wife The bed whereon I usually lye and all that belongeth thereto together with Three pair of my best ? Sheets Six of my best Chairs One Oak ? One Oak Chest One Chamber Table now standing in the Chamber where I lye also One Tea table One Iron Pottage pot and Six Pewter Plates And my will and meaning is that in case my said Daughter Ann Seagrave and my said Granddaughter Mary Seagrave or either of them shall happen to dye before they respectively attain their respective Ages of One and Twenty Years without Issue lawfully begotten them and in such case I give and devise my said Customary Copyhold Messuage Barn Stable Buildings Lands Tenements and Premises or her share or part thereof so dying unto my daughter Margaret Watts Wife of Robert Watts of Petworth in the County of Sussex Cabinetmaker her Heirs and Assigns for ever Upon this special trust and confidence and to the Interest and purpose that she the said Margaret Watts her Heirs or Assigns Do and shall sell and dispose of the same for the best price that she or they can or may get for the same and the money arising by such sale equally to divide between all and every my Grandchildren share and share alike when they shall respectively attain their several and respective Ages of One and Twenty years This my Will and meaning is and I do hereby direct that in case my said Grandaughter Mary Seagrave shall happen to dye and my said daughter Ann Seagrave shall her survive that then she my said Daughter Ann Seagrave shall have a part or share of the money arising by such sale equally as One of my Grandchildren Also I give devise and bequeath unto my Son in Law Robert Watts and the said Margaret his Wife All those my Freehold Messuages Malthouse Stables Buildings Courts Yards Gardens Lands Tenements Hereditaments and premises situate lying and being in the Parish of Petworth aforesaid (which I purchased of Mr. Thomas Gallar) Are you still watching that heart monitor for signs of life? To have and to hold unto the said Robert Watts and Margaret his Wife during their natural lives and the longest lives of them and from and imediately after the Decease of the survivor of them the said Robert Watts and Margaret his Wife I give and devise the same unto my Granddaughters Ann Watts and Elizabeth Watts their Heirs and Assigns for ever as Tenants in common and not as joint Tenants But charged and chargeable nevertheless and I do hereby charge my said Freehold Premises in Petworth with the payment of Twenty Shillings which I give and bequeath unto my loving Wife Margaret Yearly and every year in the same manner as the Aforesaid Annuity of Ten Pounds out of Hoeland is given and directed to be paid But it is my will and meaning that the said several Annuitys of Ten Pounds and Twenty Shillings so given to my said wife shall be in full of all claims of Dower or Otherwise which she might otherwise claim on my Estate and effects Also I give and devise unto my Grandson James Seagrave All that my customary Copyhold Messuge Garden and ?oft of Land containing by estimation Three Roods of Land (more or less) with Appurtenances situate lying and being in Bury aforesaid and within and held of the said Mannor of Bury and now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Anthony Boxall To have and to hold the same unto my said Grandson James Seagrave his Heirs and Assigns for ever according to the custom of the Mannor aforesaid Also I give and bequeath unto my said Grandson James Seagrave the Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds of lawfull money of Great Britain to be paid as hereinafter is mentioned out of my personal Estate and Effects Also I give and bequeath unto my Granddaughter Margaret Seagrave Daughter of my son George Seagrave deceased the Sum of One Hundred Pounds of like lawfull money to be paid Also as hereinafter is mentioned out of my personal Estate and Effects Also I give and bequeath unto my Granddaughters Elizabeth Hannah and Jane Seagrave Daughters of my said son George Seagrave the sum of Two Hundred Pounds of like lawfull money equally to be divided between them share and share alike and to be paid out of my personal Estate and Effects and as hereinafter is mentioned And it is my will and meaning and I do direct that the said several Legacies so given to my Grandson James Seagrave and Granddaughters Margaret Elizabeth Hannah and Jane Seagrave shall be paid within Three Months next after my Decease unto my Friends Thomas Young and Edward Grantham the Younger to be by them and the survivor of them placed out at Interest to and for the benefit of my said Grandchildren and the Interest thereof paid and applied unto ant to the use of my said Grandchildren respectively untill they shall respectively Attain their several and respective Ages of One and Twenty Years At which Age it is my Will and meaning my said Grandchildren shall respectively receive their said several and respective Legacies and in case any or either of them shall happen to dye before he she or they shall Attain that Age then it is my Will and meaning that the Legacy or Legacys of him her or them so dying shall go to and be equally divided amongst the survivors of them Hang in there! The most interesting bits coming up. Not Really. I'm just trying to be encouraging.... Also I give and bequeath unto my said Granddaughter Ann Watts the Sum of Fifty Pounds of like lawfull money to be paid unto her when she shall attain her Age of Twenty One Years by my Executrix hereinafter named Also I give and bequeath unto my Granddaughter Elizabeth Watts the Sum of Five Pounds to be paid unto her when she shall attain her Age of One and Twenty Years by my Executrix hereinafter named Also I do hereby further give and bequeath unto my said Daughter Ann Seagrave and Granddaughter Mary Seagrave Thirty Pounds of lawfull money of Great Britain to be paid with in Six Months after my Decease by my Executrix towards paying the tax fine and fees on their admission to the Estate hereinbefore by me given them And I do also give them the Rents of the said Estate from the Michaelmas preceeding my death And it is my further Will and meaning that my Daughter in Law Mary Seagrave shall have the Guardianship of my said Granddaughter and the management of her Estate for no longer time than she my said Daughter in Law shall remain a widow for from her marriage again I do inasmuch as in me lyes appoint my Son in Law Robert Watts Guardian of my said Granddaughter Mary Seagrave All the rest residue and remainder of my will and personal Estate whatsoever and wheresoever of what nature or kind soever it may be which I shall be in anywise interested in or entitled unto at the time of my Decease and not hereinbefore given and disposed of After my Debts Legacies and General Expenses are paid and discharged I give devise and bequeath unto my said daughter Mary Watts her Heirs Executors Administrators and Assigns whom I do hereby make nominate constitute and appoint full and sole Executrix of this my last will and Testament revoking and making void all former and Other Wills by me before this time made In Witness whereof I the said George Seagrave the Testator have to this my last Will and Testament contained in Three Sheets of paper set my Hand and Seal to such of the said Sheets of Paper (and to each of Which Sheets the Witnesses have Also inscribed their Names) this First Day of May in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Seven George Seagrave Signed seled published and Declared by the said George Seagrave the Testator as and for his last Will and Testament in the presence of us who all of us in his presence and at his request and in the presence of oath either have subscribed our Names or Witnesses Wm. Johnson Wm. Upton. Eliz. Fletcher. Whereas it hath been insinuated that as my Marriage with Margaret my present wife before called Margaret Chipper was not had and celebrated in a Church or Chappel I having been married at a publick house in Plaistow in the County of Sussex within mentioned my said Wife Margaret or her Daughter Ann would not enjoy the Amenitys Legacies or Priority(?). of Estate by me lying within written last Will and Testament given devised and bequeathed to them respectively Now I do by this present writing which I desire may be esteemed a Codicil to and part of my last Will and Testament within written declare that the person called in my said Will by the Nmae of my Dear and Loving wife Margaret Seagrave is the person who hath from the time of Our Marriage by the Reverend John Shot(?) of Plaistow aforesaid lived with me and been esteemed as my Wife and whose Name before our Marriage was Margaret Chipper And that the person called in my said Will by the Name of my Daughter Ann Seagrave is the Daughter of the said Margaret And that they the said Margaret and her Daughter Ann are the persons respectively for Whom I intend and to whom I have given Annuities Legacies and moiety of Estate within mentioned to be given to my Dear and loving Wife Margaret and my Daughter Ann And in regard my within mentioned Daughter in Law Mary Seagrave Widow hath treated me with great disrespect I do by this present Codicil as much as in me lyes or by Law I can revoke the direction or Appointment of Guardianship within mentioned of my Granddaughter Mary Seagrave Daughter of my said Daughter in Law Mary Seagrave And do hereby as much as in me lyes or by Law I can nominate and Appoint my within mentioned Son in Law Robert Watts Guardian of my said Granddaughter Mary and to manage and take care of the Estate by me within given her until she Attain her full Age of One and Twenty Years And in all Other things I do hereby ratify and confirm my Will within written on Three Sheets of Paper In Witness whereof I the within named George Seagrave have to this present Codicil Which I desire may be esteemed as part of my last Will and Testament set my Hand and Seal this Ninth Day of January In the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty Eight . George Seagrave. Signed sealed and published and declared by the within named George Seagrave as a Codicil to and past of his last Will and Testament In the presence of Wm. Johnson. Christopher Yeates. Thomas Elliott. This Will with the Codicill annexed was proved before Mr. Richard Tierman Clerk m a Surrogate On the Twelfth Day of April In the Year of Our Lord 1768 by the Oath of Margaret Watts natural and Lawfull Daughter of the Deceased and the sole Executrix named in his said Will to whom Well and truly Sworn ?"						 
					 						 Terry's book, 'Get Out of Debt' has now been accepted within the hallowed pages of the Amazon catalogue, which he was pleased about. The image of the cover is rather small though. When I scanned the cover, unfortunately because it's mostly white, under Amazon's entry criteria you're not allowed to put a border around the frame, there was always going to be empty space around the image, but it does look pitifully small.urlLink Amazon Page showing image. 						 
					 						 I think I went a bit overboard with my online purchases over the last few days. As a result of my extensive spending spree, I'm fully expecting the financial times to publish details of how certain online company shares prices sky-rocketed upwards especially on the morning of the 9th April, 2004! 'There was euphoria in the city, as stockbrokers-normally safe, unexciting individuals, surprised many by taking all their clothes off and streaking through Trafalgar Square! They took to the streets in their hundreds. They took everything from their desk, and took early retirement on the strength of this sudden surge on the FTSE index.' -That sort of thing. And, as I watch the news in the evening, I'll see a mass of crowds surrounding Buckingham Palace, complete strangers kissing one another, hats being thrown up into the sky - people simply unable to restrain their collective joy from this unexpected turnaround of national prosperity. No doubt, I'll see people crying in front of the TV cameras thanking the anonymous benefactor for keeping their workplaces in business and their children from being placed in orphanages, and as I listen to their emotionally charged voices, I will nod like a wise old sage, wiping a few tears away from my own face, and allow myself a slow, satisfied smile, knowing it was all down to ME! Maybe, they'll call it Good Friday or something, to reflect the event, instead of the numerous other days such as Black Monday, when instead of shares spiralling upwards they went downwards. So what did I buy? Well....amongst other things, that are now winging their way to me, via Royal Mail (You know, they're sooooo dedicated; overworked, and underpaid. They really are!) 1) urlLink A travel clock(How else am I going to know when to catch the plane back? Exactly!)2) urlLink A leather passport wallet(You'd have to see it. It's luvverly! A nylon sleeve. The passport slides in and out so easily. Wooooosh!).3) urlLink Some ear plugs .(Well...it could be noisy on the plane.).4) urlLink A K.J hardback New testament biblefrom the everyman's library series. Looks good on a bookcase. Could also prove useful during the long flight.'5+6) urlLink 2 DVD's .7.A currency converter.8.A UK/US plug.9.A security coded luggage strap and baggage tags. ...the day's not over yet! 10.A suitcase.11.2 pairs of flight/travel socks to combat DVT.						 
					 						 The following text I submitted to Friends Reunited on the 12th August, 2003, under the heading, 'Last Day At Brookmead School.' "I distinctly remember walking over to the foolball pitch where two or three of my classmates stood waiting. They were just idly kicking a football backwards and forwards, which if you think about it, surely has to rank as one of the dumbest activities of them all - it's right up there with catch. What's that all about? The football kept bouncing around in this very small circle from one foot to the next. The bizarre thing is I don't truly remember even who was with me that day. But, what I do remember is the silence. Apart from the occasional giggle, or laugh, it was as if we were so intensely aware of what was about to happen, ( that as each of us slipped through that front gate for the very last time, some of us literally would never see each other again, ) none of us appeared willing to affect the moment by actually speaking. Each of us were deeply caught up in our own thoughts. I remember our teacher Lee Marsh seeing us in the distance, and walking right over to the other side of the field to be with us. He immediately and intuitively tapped into this unspoken code, and he too hardly said anything. He just joined in, occasionally giggling or laughing, if the ball went too far, or not far enough. Yes, maybe, it is a peculiarly male thing: this macho desire to retain and conceal emotion. But, that silence is what I remember more then anything else. There was something noble and unique about it. It seems to me, more was expressed during that particular silence, then many of the vast number of conversations I've had since. "						 
					 						 A few years ago I heard a story of an interesting examination that took place. The exam consisted of just one question, and that was, "What is confidence?" An intriguing question for anyone under test conditions. Most people who sat that exam rapidly started to write down as much information as they could in the allotted time. However, one student was different from the rest, and did something quite unexpected. While everybody was busy writing down pages and pages of information, this one student calmly wrote down just two words. Underneath the question, "What is confidence?" he just wrote, "This is, " and then left the rest of the page totally blank. In effect, he was saying, "I'm so confident I'm going to pass, I'm not even going to write out an essay. That's how confident I am. Perhaps as the examiners read those two small words on that very large piece of paper, there was a curious smile at first, followed immediately by the inevitable second smile - the realisation they had come face to face with genious. Ever since my brother first told me that story I've never succeeded in coming up with a more perfect answer to that question. Certainly, I've tried. 						 
					 						 We left Toronto at about 1pm (Canadian time) The flight took 6 hours, which meant that we would land in England at about 7pm(or 12pm London time). I saw an iceberg on the journey home. Wahoo!! Right in the middle of the Atlantic with hundreds of miles of water all around it. -Though, I think we was quite safe from being struck at 35,000 feet!Even though it was the middle of the night and cloudy, we could still see the bright lights of London on the approach as we touched down at Gatwick Monday morning. Amazingly, the nice, kind staff at Gatwick long stay car park were very accommodating once we told them our initial flight had been cancelled, so they waived the surcharge for staying an extra day. Arriving back in A at about 3am, most of the morning was spent recovering from the flight with a much needed 7 hours sleep.The thing that I remember most about the trip was not Niagara Falls, however impressive they were, or the ride to the top of the CN tower, or even my first ever flight. The thing that I remember most was a solitary statue of a soldier in uniform standing on a podium, in the gardens approaching the Falls. The statue might just as well have been invisible, cloaked against the backdrop of the bright lights, neon signs, and garish commercialism that is imprinted upon the street that is called Clifton Hill. The plaque at the foot of the statue reminded those who paused as they rushed forward, of the Men Of Niagara, who gave up their lives during the war serving their country. It was just the thought that these men who had grown up listening to the roar of the water crashing into the river below, who had stared up at the blue sky and felt the mist settle upon their face, who had witnessed its tremendous boulder-crushing power-perhaps even seen some of the rocks fall-these men had seen this force of nature 1st hand. They had lived their short lives in an area of such outstanding beauty, but had gone off to fight an incredibly ugly, distant war on a distant continent. Maybe, they didn't even fully understand what they were fighting for. Of course, there are memorials all over the world in just about every country, in each city, town and even village, but in Niagara it seemed to have an almost overwhelming impact upon me.The complete waste of almost an entire generation, who no doubt were filled with excitement just like anyone else who had their whole lives still ahead of them, who should have been showing their grandchildren around the falls today, recounting deep abiding memories of the place where they had once learnt about life. This was the place where all their dreams originated and spun from, but everything that had once lived so vibrantly, had now turned to stone. All that was left to remember the Men From Niagara was a few engravings etched into a piece of rock. ( urlLink To see holiday photographs, click here! ) 						 
					 						 Funds were running a bit low by this stage so we elected to find the cheapest breakfast bar we could find. After a few minutes walking we came across a breakfast bar that sold as much as you could eat for just $6.99(£3) which seemed about as cheap as we were going to find. The food was okay. Perhaps it could of been a little warmer. The trouble with how cheap food is in North America, I think me and Jeff both during the week developed a taste for rich food which was not good. I think we had pretty much the same thing that day; Bacon, sausages, mushrooms, scrambled egg, toast, pancakes with maple syrup, and 2 or 3 cups of coffee. Well....we were representing England!The rest of the morning was spent walking around Niagara one last time, buying the last remaining gifts, and packing in preperation for the long trip home.Our plane was due to take off this evening at about 8.50pm, (Canadian time)but announcements kept being made on the tannoy that there was a 'small, minor problem' and the plane would not be allowed to take off until it was fixed. Eventually after numerous delays, we were allowed to board the plane, and then there was a further delay because the newly fitted component failed again. Finally after 2 hours of waiting, trying to fix the 'small, minor' mechanical fault, at 30 mins past midnight the pilot requested that we get off, and a new flight would be scheduled the next day for us. So each of us were dispatched to different hotels in the city. Me and Jeff got the Park Plaza, which is located in Carlson Court, and was actually posher then the 2 hotels we had paid for.What annoyed me most, was just how rude some passengers were, and I'm embarrassed to say it was mostly the English. It's desperately sad that you can travel halfway around the world, and yet there's always the loud-mouthed Englishman complaining. The only ones worse then the English were the Americans. One American woman who obviously had all inhibitions stripped from her at birth, and had grown up on a diet of Oprah Winfrey public spectacles, and felt absolutely no shame in making a scene, went straight to the front of the queue and demanded loudly that Air Transat immediately get her home, and she wasn't moving until they did! Unfortunately, once she was told that they couldn't accommodate that request because the airport had closed down for the night, none of the aircrew could work any longer because of shift guidelines and all would have to exceed their hours even if another plane could be found, this created a stand-off that went on for a clear half hour and as a consequence everyone suffered. What did she expect? Would she rather another plane had been chartered and we had crashed into the Atlantic because the pilot fell asleep? Or perhaps we should of used the plane with the mechanical fault, and again crashed into the Atlantic. Would that have been more to her liking? Oh, I almost forgot to mention the French Canadian rock band on their 1st tour of England. Each member insisted on a separate room!! People, eh? We were all tired and simply wanted our hotel passes so we could go off and get some sleep. But we had to wait so much longer because of various passengers unreasonable rantings. What has happened to this world? Nowadays people convince themselves that they must assert themselves. If they don't exercise that right then it's a sign of weakness. That we all have this inbuilt, and invariable RIGHT to complain. What about the Air Transat staff? Do they not also have rights? The right not to be bullied and verbally abused, for something that ultimately was not their fault. Did the American woman feel the Air Transat staff had deliberately sabotaged their own plane just so that they could receive the 'privilege' of listening to her nasty verbal rants?? If you went out to your car in the morning and found that it wouldn't start, would you instantly sue the car dealership for selling you the car? You have to be reasonable in these things. Mechanical things do breakdown.... Personally, I thought Air Transat treated us well. They paid for our rooms, and our breakfast. They also gave us $150 of travel vouchers for us to use with Air Transat again, to compensate us for our inconvenience. We finally touched down at Gatwick at about 1am UK time Monday morning, almost 12 hrs late. It had been a tiring, but enjoyable week. ( urlLink To see holiday photographs, click here! )						 
					 						 In the morning we got up very early to avoid the crowds, because we had booked to go on the good ship, 'Maid of the Mist.' I say that in a singular sense, but in actual fact there wasthree: one of them set off from the US side of the Falls and the other two from the Canadian side(Our jetty). So, did we get soaked on the Maid of the Mist? Well, they do give you bright blue waterproofs (very fetching) as part of the package, which mostly keeps you dry, however the sheer force of hundreds of tons of water crashing down to the river below creates much more then a mere mist, more a sideways downpour as you get closer to the foot of the falls. This particular 'mist' drenches you from the neck up. At times it's difficult even to see anything because of all the water in your eyes. Perhaps, I should of brought some goggles! It's a very well organized tour, but having been running for 150 years it should be. As soon as the boats sets off, a pre-recorded tape starts to play, which mentions among other things, different ones who have gone over the falls and survived, a description of how much erosion of the rocks there has been down the years, famous people who have been on the boat, etc. It was a very enjoyable trip, and a chance to see the Falls from a completely different angle.In the evening, we walked around Niagara looking for a good restaurant to eat in. It's such a small town it doesn't take long to spot them all. One thing I noticed was that outside most restaurants there's a, 'greeter' whose whole job is simply to persuade you to come in. Since this is something that doesn't happen in England, it can be a bit off-putting at first, until you get used to it. A typical exchange was outside an Italian restaurant. Greeter: Where do you come from lads? Jeff: England. Greeter: Oh, my aunt came from England. Manchester. Me: Really. Greeter: Yes, she did. It's a wonderful place. Greeter: So what food are you looking for this evening? This place behind me is the best restaurant in the town. Very cheap as well....(and so it went on.)One wonders whether these greeters get employed purely on the basis of their international connections so that they can start up such a conversation with at least a degree of conviction. I should of thrown him by pretending to be a right wing extremist. I could picture the greeter replying 'But,how very interesting! Did you know my uncle served under Mussolini. Of course they eat Italian food over there-well you would if you was Italian HeHe! (laughing at his own joke) Did I mention this place behind me is the best Italian restaurant in the town. Yes, it is Sir! Very cheap as well. Mussolini himself would of eaten here....'In the end we had a pint of Molson's Canadian beer (which by this stage I was really starting to like)in the bar at Kelseys while we waited to be seated. It was quite a noisy place. A little bit rowdy but the food was okay.( urlLink To see holiday photographs, click here !)						 
					 						 After waiting around for ages, finally at about 11.30am me and Jeff were picked up for our transfer to our Niagara hotel. The journey took about an hour and a half. As soon as we booked in, we almost sprinted down Clifton Hill to get to the falls, where we spent the next few hours hypnotically transfixed by the power of the images we were busy processing. ( urlLink Live Webcam stream of the Falls .) The truth is, none of the 36 photographs I took that day adequately did the falls justice.Later in the evening, about 8:50pm, as soon as all the onlookers were submerged in sufficient darkness, the spotlights were then switched on, everyone cheered, and the falls were then illuminated in a variety of colours; red, and yellow and pink and green, orange, and purple and blue....sorry! Couldn't help myself. You'd think seeing 'coloured' water crashing into the river below would truly crush the wonder of the falls, but it didn't. Actually, it gave it a magical quality. Far above the 'coloured' water, the illuminated neon signs, the distant bursts of music and fanfare from the various amusements -way above the seemingly endless series of couples riding up and down on their horse-drawn carriages, the tacky souvenir shops, and the 'idiots' perched precariously on the walls above the falls, was one of the most beautiful sights I have ever seen in my entire life. Millions of tons of water tumbling to the river below every single minute, creating a cloud of mist that at times seemed to rise 70/80 feet up in the air.( urlLink To see holiday photographs, click here !) 						 
					 						 Our last full day in Toronto. In the morning we caught the ferry to Central Island which is the largest of several Islands very close to the city, where you can see some fantastic views of the city skyline. All of the islands are connected to one another by a series of bridges and roads. There's five ferrys that service the islands, one of which is a class 2 Russian ice-breaking vessel which is the only one that is used throughout the year. Once we were on Central Island we hired a bike each to get around, which was very reasonable priced - only $8 an hour(about£3). During the summer months, the islands prove extremely popular and millions of visitors are received by the islands. One of the islands has an extensive beach and there are literally hundreds of wooden tables for families to picnic.Hamlin Island, was named after Sir John Hamlin who once owned it. Now it seemed nothing more then a wilderness, with extremely long grass, and thick foliage that was so dense, (a bit like my garden)you'd probably of required a bulldozer to hack your way through - yet during it's heyday, Hamlin had built a number of casinos and bars there, and during prohibition thousands of people would visit the island. The lights could be seen from miles around. Hamlin had built up his own little empire by rather astutely operating a free ferry service from New York, which is only about 70 miles away, and by doing so had created quite legitimately one of the few places where Americans could legally get drunk. Even the famous baseball player Babe Ruth visited regularly. Of course, when prohibition ended, Hamlin lost all his customers, and consequently his capital, and eventually he went bankrupt. Later, there was a fire, and most of the buildings were destroyed. There are several marinas and one yacht club on the Islands. One of the boats you can see is owned by a gynecologist and a psychologist. The name of the boat? "Heads and Tails!" One thing that became apparent on my holiday was just how tolerant Toronto is of Films being made in the city. During our stay, there was at least 2 films being made. One film that was being made had the working title of Cinderella, starring Russell Crowe, and was being directed by Ron Howard, in a building next to our hotel. (We kept expecting to meet up with him!) Another film, was a costume drama, being filmed next to Casa Loma. The tolerance for all things cinematic extended even to the islands. A few years ago, one of the islands was made to look like the Florida Everglades, and mock alligators were even added to make it look more authentic so that they could film one of the police academy films. However, we were told that if you freeze-framed the film you could still see briefly the CN tower in the background of one of the scenes, which kind of gave it away!After returning from the ferry to Toronto, we walked back up to Dundas street where we had to wait for the 1st batch of my photographs to be processed. Having just passed the Royal Ontario Museum and being full of artistic enthusiasm we found ourselves sitting on a bench pondering on the particular esoteric merits of a Henry Moore sculpture that was located only a few feet away from us, and our conversation went something like this... Jeff : Don't you think, the green rust suggests the decay of post-modernist society?Me :I suppose so. The unusual feel of Moore's piece I think you'll find is typical of his black/green period. He expresses the inner rage of what essentially is beyond comprehension...the way he tends to focus on the more ambiguous elements of human relationships...Jeff :Yes(nodding his head)...the gaping hole of course is central to the piece and suggests his disillusionment with art as a means to empower the individual....and of course the pidgin droppings essentially reveal the publics discontent regarding his latter work.After our foolish banter and obvious luddite comprehension regarding modern art, we picked up my film and headed back to our hotel.Extremely tired and with aching feet, we barely spent any time at all before immediately heading off to our friend Margaret and Tony's house. The journey itself should of been fairly straight forward, but was it? 1st Jeff got on a packed train, and the train door shut before I could get on. Since, I didn't know the way to our hosts house, Jeff had to come back before we could start our journey again. Next, we got on a train, which was heading in the wrong direction. Then after getting on the right train, we got off at the wrong stop. After getting back on, and getting off this time at the right stop, we then proceeded to get on the wrong bus! About four stops down the road we got off the bus and then walked all the way to Margaret's house. (It seemed safer.) Ah, good job, no one had been watching. They'd think we were a right couple of tourists!!!The journey on the bus itself wasn't entirely without incident either. The Toronto ice hockey team, the Maple Leafs had lost an important play offin the NHL, the previous night, and on the bus was a man who wore a jacket that advertised the Philadelphia Flyers-a team that had beaten the Maple Leafs. Another man took offence to this. He was ranting and raving in a loud voice about how idiotic the Philadelphia fan was to wear a jacket in Toronto emblazoned with the name of the team who had just beaten the Maple leafs, and during this mega-rant he looked at me for some support, (Very surprised I was mistaken for a native but there you are) and he said, with an earnest and serious expression, 'That man's cruising for a bruising...' The quaintness of the phrase kept making me laugh all week. Imagine, if it had been 2 English football supporters in a similar position. Everyone would have got off the bus! The Philadelphia fan looked uncomfortable. He kept his head down and got off at the next stop, seriously intimidated by the Canadian's terrifying threats. We spent a wonderful evening at Margaret and Tony's house. They were everything that the Canadian customs officers were not. They were extremely warm, friendly, and welcoming. Margaret cooked a lovely meal, while Tony helped out by cooking the steaks on the barbeque. We talked about England and Canada, friends and family, jobs, places, and identity. Listening to Tony's tales from his extensive traveling in his job, and Margaret's slight Scottish accent recalling her Scottish past, the evening flew past. It was a lovely evening. Margaret said one of the things she missed about Scotland was the rain. When we went home on the Monday, it did rain and I couldn't help thinking about Margaret and Tony inside their house listening to the rain as it tapped lightly on the roof of their house. I pictured the two of themhearing the rain and looking out the window, and it made me smile.( urlLink To see holiday photographs, click here !) 						 
					 						 In the morning we went on a guided tour of the city. At each stop we were allowed to get off the bus and visit the attraction to take photo's, but the only problem with that particular arrangement was it was fine in theory. In reality, if you impulsively got off to take a closer peek at something thatseemedparticularly interesting, and found out that it was in medical terms a placebo, you still had to wait until the next bus came along to pick you up again an hour later. I have to be honest, as far as I was concerned, the banter from the driver was lacking somewhat. Most guides do a little homework and try to inspire you with their enthusiasm for the city. I think he'd been doing the tour for so long, he didn't seem to bothered whether or not heeven completed half the sentences he started, and what did at least appear to start out interesting was invariably drowned out by the noise of the engine. In the end we only elected to get off once and that was at the castle, Casa Loma. Casa Loma was an amazing place. It was the former estate of Sir Henry Pellatt, who was an industrialist, a financier and a military man. His dream home was started in 1911, and the construction of that home, took 300 men nearly 3 years to complete. Once completed Henry and his wife were only able to enjoy their home for 10 years before financial ruin forced them to sell everything at a great loss. The castle has secret passageways, knight's armour in the hallway, large dining table that could sit countless people, towers and turrets, everything that you expect to see in a castle. Located on a hill overlooking Toronto the views are impressive. In the garden we found a sculpture called the dragon tree sculpture. Underneath the sculpture there was a sign that explained that if you rung the bell and had a pure heart then six dragons would arrive to provide you with hope, true love, peace, health, wisdom and happiness. Of course, Jeff had to ring the bell! As expected, no dragons arrived. Now, ifIhad tried to ring the bell it might have been a different story! After we had had enough of the dingy lighting, and had been in all of the rooms and listened to the tape machines with the audio commentary, rather then get back on the bus, and face the driver again we decided to walk back home. ( urlLink To see holiday photographs, click here !) 						 
					 						 I woke at 5.40 am, with the sunlight filtering in through the small gap in the curtains. Looking out the window, Toronto was already starting to come to life. Aside from people already walking along the street, you could also see squirrels climbing the trees below. In fact the squirrels are everwhere in Toronto. Unlike European squirrels however, most of these were black. When we asked someone why this was, he replied it's so the Canadians can see the squirrels better in the snow! I love a scientific explanation!After breakfast, (Eggs Benedict & English muffins in the hotel restaurant which I think was called Windows for those that like to know these things!)we went on the underground, and took a ride to the harbour, where we had arranged to go on a guided tour around the Islands that lay just off Toronto. The boat was entirely shielded with a clear plastic cover, except for a small gap at the side where we boarded the boat. This was obviously the one place that we had to all queue up to take our photographs from, because anywhere else and the light from the flash bounced off the plastic and ruined the photograph. The tour was well arranged, and the information given was both interesting and funny. We learnt a number of things. The harbour itself has for a number of years been getting cleaner, because it was made a national urban area of protection and as a consequence all industry was gradually moved out, excluding a sugar refinery which was allowed to stay because it's impact on the environment was minimal. As the harbour became more healthy, more people moved in, and in just 10 years condominium prices went through the roof, rising as much as ten times their value.Along the harbour there is a venue where free concerts are performed. They range widely in music styles. Some evenings you can hear Jazz, Blues, Rock-one week they even held a Karaoke opera evening. The Karaoke opera apparently got so many complaints, they were asked never to do it again!!!!From the boat the Skydome was pointed out to us by our tour guide. While it doesn't seem that imposing from a distance, it does extend 7 stories below ground as well. It was built in 1929 and is the home of the Blue Jays. The crowd capacity of the stadium is 55,000. The roof to the dome only takes 20 minutes to open, and is so cost effective it can be opened using just $10 of electricity (£4).We were told a story about the hotel that is inside the dome. The rooms initially were fitted with one way glass so that you could watch the game from the comfort of your hotel. Unfortunately, when the lights were on the spectators in the stadium could also see inside the room. Apparently, one year a honeymooning couple had booked a room in this hotel, and they were involved in a passionate 'embrace' during a live match, when a TV cameraman noticed them and pointed his camera up at their room. The director flicked a switch and their very animated 'embrace' was instantly transferred to a big video screen that the whole stadium could see! The match stopped, because the players also became distracted by the screen, and everyone started to clap. Apparently, the only time in the SkyDome's history where there has been a standing ovation!In the afternoon we walked along the skywalk which is a connecting walkway to the CN tower. Bypassing the long queue because we had had the foresight to buy our tickets in advance we were allowed straight up the tower. We had the lift all to ourselves. The glass sided lift ascends the 400 meters to the top in just 58 seconds. In fact, the speed is such, your ears pop because of the air pressure. It's a very enjoyable ride. The CN tower is the tallest unsupported structure in the world. It was built in 1974. One of the amazing facts that we learnt was that the concrete that the tower is built from, is actually one giant piece!!! It was built on site using a special process, and the concrete extend so far under the ground there is actually more below the surface then there is above it. It's design can withstand an earthquake 6.5 on the Richter scale. It's struck 50 times on average each year by lightening. The famous glass floor which people stand on to look below is called lexxon glass and is used on the Space Shuttle. It is so tough it can withstand the weight of 8 African elephants. We had been told earlier in the day on the guided boat tour that the interesting thing about the glass that very few people seem to know is that while some people are too scared to stand on the glass, only venturing one toe on the edge because they imagine themselves falling through the glass to the ground below, actually it's glassunderthe carpet surrounded the viewing area as well, so for those who said they didn't have the nerve to stand on the glass and look down, they already had! On a clear day you can see 40 miles from the viewing platform. The only thing that made me a little homesick was a sign at the top stating that the CN tower is 5,728 KM or 3,559 miles from London. ( urlLink To see holiday photographs click here! ) 						 
					 						 We left London Gatwick airport today on flight 623 on an Air Transat Airbus A303 bound for Toronto's Pearson airport. Due to air currents, the journey there (8 hrs), is much longer then the journey back (6 hrs). Our seats were located right at the back of the plane: numbers 31A and 31B. It was my first ever flight and all I can say the take-off was truly exhilarating. How anything that weighs hundreds of tons can take off in the first place I still find difficult to comprehend. Yes, I know about the uniquely shaped wing-that the underside is flatter then the curved topside, so it creates less resistance and therefore the plane is propelled upwards. Yes, I know that. But, the plane STILL weighs hundreds of tons!!! Besides, it still had Jeff's suitcase on board, weighing in at a whopping 19.5 kilos! If anything was going to make us fly lop-sided over the Atlantic it was that. (Mine was a more modest 11.5 kilos.)We climbed steeply, and very soon the plane was traveling at approximately 550 mph and had leveled out at 35,000 feet. Outside the window the temperature was -93C. It was quite emotional leaving the English mainland behind. As we flew over Avon, Devon & Cornwall, you could see so many boats around the coastline-people enjoying their weekend. Down below us, as our plane burnt a trail of kerosene across the sky, tiny people were busy getting on with their lives, riding around in tiny toy cars, and living in tiny matchbox houses. My ears popped rapidly. At one stage not only did I lose all hearing, but I found I couldn't speak either because of the air pressure. Eventually, the air pressure equalized and everything returned to normal.During the long flight, we watched with varying degrees of interest an episode of, 'Friends,' the films, 'Mona Lisa's Smile,' and 'Legally blonde II' and another film I cannot recall the title of starring Steve Martin. We were served with an in-flight meal of pasta and red and green pesto. For desert we had profiteroles.While taking off was exciting, landing in Toronto was terrifying. Toronto was covered with thick fog, and we literally couldn't see anything out of the windows until we were as low as 350 feet!!! Getting slower and slower, I kept imagining the plane would stall and we'd end up crashing into some car park, or worse still, Lake Ontario. Apparently, such fears are common. Everyone goes quite during landing. Even those that have flown many times. You can see them pressing their feet hard into the ground as if they're operating some kind of invisible breaking system. It's the fact that the pilot hastotalcontrol. You can see the apprehension in peoples faces. But, once it's all over you can see the relief in eyes. They start to breath normally again, and even allow themselves a smile.Customs was a nightmare. As far as we could tell, me and Jeff were the only ones to be pulled out of the queue for further Gestapo-like questioning. One officer asked me what my job was, and because there was a slight delay in my response, he snapped, 'I was talking to you. Did you not here?' When I explained I had just been in a plane for 8 hours and because of the air pressure I couldn't hear so well, he didn't want to know. He asked me, 'Who do you know in Toronto?' To which the answer, 'Do I need to know someone in Toronto just to come here??' was not particularly welcome. 2 minutes later he asked us again what we did for a living, just to check that our stories were consistent, and we didn't just make up our occupations. The truth is, I think if we were going to make up an occupation, I think we'd at least invent a couple of jobs more glamourous or interesting then the ones we had. Once my suitcase had gone through the X-ray machine for a 2nd time, I was then challenged with, 'Is that a needle in your suitcase?' to which I replied, 'No, that's a pen.' After that, they let us go.Our package holiday rep ticked against our names on his checklist. The others apparently had waited ages for us to emerge from the custom officers side room. We then boarded the waiting bus, and was dropped off outside our hotel the Days Inn, in Downtown Toronto. ( urlLink To see holiday photographs, click here. ) 						 
					 						 If you've ever unsuccessfully spent hours trying to download a piece of software from the web, only to find that the incredibly attractive and well-designed icon that you expected to find on your desktop wasn't actually there, but was lost in thevast 'undiscovered country' of cyberspace, then I have a few tips for you...When uploading/downloading, the time you choose to do so is critical. Make sure the whole of the US is in bed. If in doubt ring random numbers in the U.S, and if anyone answers DON'T attempt it. It's a tricky operation at the best of times. Close all other applications, don't touch the keyboard, set the room temperature to 20', don't speak to anyone, go and stand outside in the rain(apparently being in the room causes an atmospheric disturbance that could prove fatal to our very sensitive, emotional, 'let's all have a group hug. You never give me the attention I deserve' P.C's) Actually, scrub all that, when attempting to download it's probably better to move to another country (Spain sounds good at this time of the year)-just to be on the safe side and try and hold your breath for the entire download. That should work. Apparently.						 
					 						 A Japanese proverb I heard recently was; "One kind word can warm three winter months." How true! It's always the small things you remember, isn't it? One act of kindness when you really needed it. Sometimes, it can be just a simple word.I don't particularly want to go into details but briefly when I was a teenager, my family was going through a particularly difficult time. One morning my mum heard a sound at the front of the house, went to the front door, and to her surprise found a food hamper left on the doorstep. She looked up and down the road, and there was no one in the vicinity. She looked down at the hamper and could see a card tucked inside, but the card failed to reveal the identity of the sender. We talked about the incident as a family many times. It was the perfect act of kindness. Anonymous. No potential of reward. A sacrifice had been made - not only money of course, but time also would of had to have been sacrificed purchasing the various items in the hamper.'The best portion of a good man's life' wrote William Wordsworth was, 'his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.' I found a quote on a website concerning this subject which went, "When a person does a good deed when he or she did not have to, God looks down and smiles and says, "For this moment alone, it was worth creating the world."Right, here's a question for you! What is the most memorable act of kindness anyone's ever shown you? It's quite a difficult question to answer-one that most people have to think about, so I don't really expect any answers, but if you do have an answer, click on the 'comments' link at the bottom of this paragraph, and then on the 'post a comment' and I'd love to hear it.						 
					 						 Recently, I got a new mobile phone, the Sagem V-65 and because it has a camera attachment, it has resulted in a new found enthusiastic zeal for the subject. ( urlLink Picture .)Men and their gadgets, eh? Yes, the picture size is small, as are all mobile phone cameras, but because the lens is also small, you can take pictures in almost complete darkness because it desn't need to capture much light. Over the last couple of days, I've taken a photo of the village stocks in the village where I work, my car, a work colleague, myself, an image of Niagara falls from my recent holiday snaps, 1 of a friend from Norway, and 3 of Sophie. In fact, I think my cat especially is getting fed up of my camera following her around everywhere she goes. Her eyes appear to roll heavenward whenever she sees me approach, then she yawns and stretches her body to ridiculous lengths-which pretty much reveals how interestingshefinds the subject! Ah, how hard must it be, to be sooo photogenic. ( urlLink Picture of my cat .) Okay, okay...yes you're right, this is not really my cat! But, she's very similar!Mobile phones fascinate me. Cellular phones operate by sending and transmitting radio waves, and radio waves travel at the speed of light which according to Einstein was the fastest speed possible. It's the speed limit of the Universe. In his theory E=mc2, while all the other variables could change, the speed of light was the one constant.Nothing could travel faster. The speed of light was represented in the equation by the 'C' and it stood for 'celeritas', which is the latin word for swift, which certainly was appropriate, because a light beam ratherswiftlytravels along at 186,000 miles per second. Think about that the next time you send a text message!An interesting side aspect to the speed of radio waves is, if you was to sit in a restaurant, and could overhear some fellow diner irritatingly talking in a loud voice on their cellular phone, it would appear as if you could hear their words before they had even left the persons mouth, such would be your irritation, but in reality air can only carry sound at a positively pedestrian speed of about 700 mph(depending on the air pressure)-whereas the person on the recieving end of the call would likely be hearing that irritating fellow customers voice,beforeit had even trundelled the few feet to get to your table, even if the caller was hundreds of miles away!!!! The reason beingthe voice being spoken into the cellular phone is being catapulted into space and consequently is hitting the ear drum of the person they're talking to at over 100's of times the speed of sound!!! True fact. Amazing, huh? 						 
					 						 Congratulations to my sister Susan and her boyfriend Andy&nbsp;on the birth of their baby&nbsp;son Daniel.						 
					 						 If like me you was brought up to be extremely honest, and as a result any sick notes that you presented to your teacher on the 1st day back at school were perhaps a tad repetitive and dare I say it, lacking in imagination, take a ganders at the following&nbsp;to see&nbsp;just how some parentsreallycould&nbsp;&nbsp;'push the envelope!' albeit sometimes unintentionally.&nbsp; Incidentally, they're all genuine excuses compiled by the Office of Educational Assessment at the University of Washington, complete with original spelling....My son is under a doctor's care and should not take P.E. today. Please execute him. Please excuse Lisa for being absent. She was sick and I had her shot. Dear School: Please ekscuse John being absent on Jan. 28, 29, 30, 31,32, and also 33. Please excuse Gloria from Jim today. She is administrating. Please excuse Roland from P.E. for a few days. Yesterday he fell out of a tree and misplaced his hip. Carlos was absent yesterday because he was playing football. He was hurt in the growing part. Please excuse Ray Friday from school. He has very loose vowels.My personal favourite and least credible excuse has to be surely;&nbsp; " Please excuse Jennifer for missing school yesterday. We forgot to get the Sunday paper off the porch, and when we found it on Monday, we thought it was Sunday ."&nbsp; Hmmmm....right.Sally won't be in school a week from Friday. We have to attend her funeral. &nbsp; Please excuse Tommy for being absent yesterday. He had diarrhea and his boots leaked.Imagine as a child having to hand&nbsp;any of the previous excuses &nbsp; to your teacher. Ahhh, no!&nbsp;The embarrassment!&nbsp; Walking up to the desk, with hot, clammy hands, feeling that dizzy sensation when&nbsp;you're so nervous, time itself appears to &nbsp;stand still - knowing full well that you was about to be laughed at, but at the same time&nbsp;&nbsp;realising that while it was beyond despute your parents were quite mad, you shared the same genes, so where did that leave you???&nbsp;&nbsp; The award for the most chatty excuse ever given surely has to go to the following; " Maryann was absent December 11-16, because she had a fever, sore throat, headache and upset stomach. Her sister was also sick, fever and sore throat, her brother had a low grade fever and ached all over. I wasn't the best either, sore throat and fever. There must be something going around, her father even got hot last night ."&nbsp;						 
					 						 On the Johnathan Ross show last Saturday on radio 2, Johnathan said that he had recently ordered some pyjamas off the internet,&nbsp;but when they arrived he found to his dismay that the&nbsp;sleeves were slightly shorter then his arms. So this started him off on one of his highly imaginitive-monologues, where he concluded that if he was a superhero, he would have to be known as &nbsp;Slightly-longer-arm, since it was the one attribute that set him apart from others!&nbsp; Johnathan and his side-kick Andy then discussed how this attribute could perhaps be used in a practical way to catch the bad guys&nbsp;in some in some real-life scenario.&nbsp; If for instance a robber was on the run with some loot and he came across Slightly-longer-arm man, he may have been so distracted by the freakish sight of a man with slightly longer arms, he may well of dropped the bag of loot, allowing Slightly-longer-arm man&nbsp;of course&nbsp;slightly longer time to arrest the villain and call the police. Or alternatively, Andy made the sensible suggestion that&nbsp;all Slightly-longer-arm man&nbsp;would have to do, would be simply to hold onto a villain at arms length with his slightly longer arms and then the&nbsp;robber couldn't fight back because even if the robber swung a punch at Slightly-longer-arm&nbsp; man he wouldn't have been able to reach!&nbsp;With the release of Spiderman 2 last week, it got&nbsp;me intrigued as to&nbsp;what would you be called if you was a fictional superhero?&nbsp; But, it has to be based on an attribute that is true, however ridiculous....and how would it help you to foil crimes?&nbsp; Oh, and what costume would you wear?						 
					 						 As you can see I've changed the title of the web log from, 'Reflections from a Traveling Willbery,' which was always a mouthful, to the much shorter and much less taxing on the tongue, 'hp20.com' which for those who actually live in England will realize is a postal code. This particular postal code is to be found in one of the home counties. So, why did I spend £10 on a new domain name? Obvious really. I was thinking of you and your poor tired, weary fingers...now there's sooo little to type in.&nbsp; How thoughtful I am! Not only that, think of the MASSIVE savings to the environment. How could that possibly save the environment you may ask? Good question, and thank you for asking! Well, now it occupies less space on paper when I write it down - which means less trees need cutting down whenever Idowant to write it down. Also with a smaller name to print out, there's less ink used in the printer cartridge, and consequently of course less electricity necessary for the printer cartridge to complete its task, which inevitably means reduced radioactive waste from the supplying nuclear power plant that provided that electricity-Aha! Don't say I don't do anything for the environment. Now, whenever I watch documentaries on the depleted ozone layer and how pretty much the entire populace has selfishly disregarded all the warnings, I can 'tut' to myself, give my very best disdainful look, and hold my held up high, knowing that in no way did I contribute to the problem. ;-) Hmmm. The real reason? Actually, 'hp20' sounds better, don't you think?						 
					 						 I went to an assembly today and had to get up at 6am in the morning and didn't get home until 10:30 at night. A 16 and a half hour day!!! I can hardly move. The seats at the assembly were so tightly packed together I should have worn my deep-vein-thrombosis, long haul flight socks. It's a 3 day assembly, so a lot of the time is wasted driving there and back each day. After spending 8 hours in a chair where you simply can't move, you then spend a further 6 hours in a car where you also can't move. Tired? You're telling me!Maybe an idea would be to compact all three days into one mega session. That would save time, don't you think? No more wasted travel. Perhaps I could cut out lunch also. That would save me even more time. What would I want that for? Lunch is for wimps anyway. That's what they would have said in the high-powered eighties. Maybe, I could have arranged to have an intravenous drip feed providing all the nutrients direct to my chair. Then there's trips to the toilet. Is that really necessary? Isn't that a bit of a luxury? Just think of how much shorter the day would be if I was connected up to a kidney dialysis machine. Even more time saved. Yes. One tube going in, one tube going out. I really feel that this is the way forward.Don't you just hate it when people tell you about their hard childhood, and that modern people today just don't know they're born. It always starts off with the same immortal words, 'When I were t' lad...' They'll probably tell about how they worked down a coal mine for 18 hours a day, singing merrily with their friends despite lungs full of coal dust. How it gave them character. Then for fun they'd spend the rest of the time up a chimney. Emerging from the claustrophobic brickwork with their runny noses, blinking at the burning sun with their soot-stained faces like moles. Oh, but they were happy. All they'd get for wages would be a single segment of orange....and they'd have to make it last all week.....and share it between 7 brothers and sisters. And if they were good and worked especially hard, as a bonus, every few years they'd receive a lump of coal - to keep all for themselves. Ahhh! And how they treasured that lump of coal!Okay. Okay. Maybe I should revise my clearly selfish, priviledged attitude to modern life. Personally, I think there was way tooo much leg room at the assembly. Our knees should have been under our chins like trussed chickens. Ah yes, that would of taught us about sacrifice!!!I'm just joking! For certain Americans who read this, this is called English irony.Actually, the assembly was very good. But, yes it was very tiring. Did I mention that? Yes, it was extremely tiring.						 
					 						 It's been a good day! I just felt like going to the theatre this afternoon. I needed my theatre fix! I hardly expected to get any good tickets at such a late hour, but would you believe it, once I logged onto the MK site I was given 2nd row seats in the stalls, which meant I was only about 10 foot away from the stage. How lucky am I? Now, I'm assuming the only way this was possible, (given it was pretty much sold out), was that Ticketmaster had been allocated some of the good seats by the theatre in advance to handle their online sales, but given that most of the audience were OAP's, which is common for matinee performances, most wouldn't of had access to the internet to obtain those 'good' tickets, and the younger audience who wanted to see the show, I'm sure would have preferred an evening performance.So at 2:00pm I entered into the theatre at Milton Keynes clutching my undeservedly good ticket and sat down in my seat to watch Neil Simon's, 'London Suite,' starring John Challis and Sue Holderness (from TV's, 'Only Fools & Horses', Sara Crowe who we may know from 'Four Weddings and a Funeral' or the 'Philadelphia cheese' advert, and Mark Curry.As the title of the play suggested, it was set in an expensive hotel in London and unusually consisted of four mini-plays. It was the theatre in bite-sized portions. Neil Simon the writer has compiled numerous successes such as, 'Biloxi Blues,' 'Barefoot in the Park' and 'The Odd Couple,' and has built up a track record second to none.Sara Crowe surprised me the most, especially in the first act. ( urlLink Pic &amp; sample of voice .) In the past she has always tended to fall back upon her safe trademark character of silly blonde with silly, quirky voice, and itisfunny undoubtedly, which is why she is so good in comedy. But, in the first act, she played it straight as the daughter of Sue Holderness's character Mrs Semple. Her portrayal of Lauren was one of the most natural, comfortable, performances I have seen in years. Gone was the blonde hair and the accented comic face-pulling. She metamorphosed into a theatrical force of nature in front of me! It was the eye contact with her mother that really impressed, and the understated awareness of their relationship reflected through the subtle shades of expression and touch. Here was a character who was born to be loved. Mrs Semple (Holderness) had lived on her own for a number of years and was clearly suffering from loneliness and dealt with this through retail therapy, so Lauren tried to set her up on a date with an eccentric, Scottish gentleman. Later at 2am, Lauren was awoken by her mother who then proceeded to relate an increasingly bizarre account of a very memorable date. It was such a funny, intimate moment between two fine actresses.8 out of 10.On the way home in my new car (Thanks Susan!) I listened to my favorite CD, the sun was shining, I had no talks to prepare, or stressful assignments and everything just seemed so wonderful. Yes, today was a good day. 						 
First of all, I can't believe that Ray Charles died yesterday.The music legend was... well... a legend.I actually hadn't heard any news about him in so long that I forgot he was still alive, but now that his death has been publicized and I've been reminded that he was alive yesterday morning, I'm saddened to find out that he was alive and now is dead.He will be missed.I was watching some of State Funeral of Ronald Reagan and I have to say it's really an amazing funeral... and I know... I've been to plenty, unfortunately.There are 4,000 seats in the Cathedral and they're all filled with family, friends, colleagues and dignitaries from around the world.The ceremony was really touching.The family is strong and know that his death was probably for the best since his Alzheimer's was getting so bad that he didn't recognize his wife and his true love anymore.I was really interested in hearing George Bush's (senior) speech.I thought it was nice.It wasn't all politics and businesslike... it was touching.You could hear it in his choked-up voice that Reagan was special to him.Afterall, the Gipper gave him his shot by taking him on as Vice-President... and the two of them did have weekly lunches by themselves just to spend time together.President Bush's Eulogy was nice as well, but I don't think it was as personal as it could have been, in my opinion.But Bush senior definitely showed emotion, a tear or two, showing us just how much their relationship meant to him.The somber look on the faces of the thousands of people attending the service and the hundreds of thousands of people at the Belmont Stakes when the announcement of his death came over the loudspeaker was a sobering reminder that a President touches the lives of a lot of people on not only a political level, but a personal level... the lives of more people than he can even imagine.Rest In Peace Ronald Wilson Reagan and Ray Charles... our thoughts are with the both of you... jam on.QOTD - "How come some of the same flights are 3 hours while some are 7 hours?Is it just because of layovers or are the planes slower" - Randy while trying to book a flight for my bossDave/Milhouse,BA
First off I'd like to welcome a few new people, Greg, Rich and Marni (happy birthday Marni), to the ever-so-wonderful, funny, clever, insightful Thought of the Day club.I don't know how many times I have mentioned this, but the doorman in my office is absolutely hilarious.I got to work this morning and apparently had a nice conversation with him, though I wouldn't know because I can't understand a word he says beyond "How you David, how you?Good.Me good Fed Ex come I call you."I said, "sure" and then continued on my way up the 3 flights of stairs to my office.A couple hours later the buzzer rang and Jose called me down - "Fed Ex deeleevry" - to get the package.I got down there and in broken English, he asked me which bar we were going to after work today.Apparently he had asked me to hang out after work when we were talking this morning and I said "sure".I told him I forgot that I had other plans and said maybe another time.Now I have the doorman thinking we're best friends because I can't understand a word he says and accidentally have great conversations with him, I have a boss who is the devil in disguise, I have the devil's son who thinks my friends are chiseled and stares at me a little too long for me NOT to think he's checking me out and I have Randy who, although one of the oddest people I have ever met, sometimes seems normal next to everyone else.I have to get the hell out of here before the maintenance guy asks me to the movies.QOTD -"I had a very smart professor back at State. He did a whole lecture once on the dangers of relationships in the workplace." - Edward Kerr as 'Roy Guyton' in "Legalese" Dave/Milhouse, BA 
I got a lecture from an older woman in my elevator this morning for not saying "good morning".The doors opened on my floor and there was a grumpy looking woman standing in the elevator.Normally, I will say good morning quietly because you never know who is and who is not a morning person.Well, this person didn't look like a friendly person first thing in the morning.So instead of saying good morning to her, I did my friendly nod and lip tuck half-smile to her.Loudly, and with an accent, she then said "GOOD MORNING!"I replied with a slightly quieter "good morning.""IN MY COUNTRY IT IS COMMON FOR PEOPLE TO SAY GOOD MORNING WHEN THEY SEE SOMEONE," she said. "AMERICANS ARE AFRAID TO SAY IT AND NOT HAVE IT SAID BACK TO THEM!"I tried to explain that it's not all Americans... just a lot of New Yorkers with the, in the words of Billy Joel (for Ron's sake), New York state of mind.You know what I have a problem with?People who say New Yorkers are so rude.Well, I think it's ruder to lecture someone on not saying Good Morning than to just not say Good Morning.QOTD"Hello I'm Tall and unoriginal" - Albert Einstein look-alike being a rude New Yorker trying to imitate and make fun of Greg for talking on his cell phone while on the bus last nightDave/Milhouse, BA 
I got a call at work where the salesman telling me that I qualified to get a free subscription to 3 magazines.I said that I was at work and she replied by telling me that was the way they do this.They call people at work in order to reach them and send the magazines to their home address.This is the solicitors' way around the "No-Call" list that the state set up.I saw on the news that soon cell phones can be registered in order to avoid cell phone solicitors.These people are not going to give up, though... if they don't find you at home, they'll come to your work.If they don't find you at work, they'll call your cell.If you don't pick up, they'll send you a text message... maybe an instant message to your computer.They're like mosquitoes... or Drew... they'll keep annoying you until you kill them."I got put up at a bug motel" - Marc to me... hello Marc... it's a ROACH MOTEL... the expression is the ROACH MOTELDave/Milhouse, BA
I stopped at a crosswalk this morning and saw a woman and her friend walking an infant in a stroller.The baby didn't look old enough to be able to speak, yet the mother's friend was trying to get the kid to say "good morning".After repeating herself in a cutesy baby-talk voice saying, "Say good morning.Say good morning.Say good morning.Say good morn...", the mother finally stepped in to try and get the baby to speak, "Say good morning to Mrs. Frank.Say good morning to Mrs. Frank.Say good morning to Mrs. Frank for mommy."This kid isn't going to talk until he's 6.Why can't these women start off with something easy for the kid like, "Say hi", instead of long sentences with multiple syllables?It's little things like this that mess kids up so much that they grow up to be weird.I bet 25 years from now the kid's going to be in jail for going on a killing spree -- killing all women with the last name Frank.QOTD - "You know, mom, there comes an age in a boy's life when the baby talk stops working. Yeah, when it does, it just gives a boy the urge to kill." - Topher Grace as 'Eric' on "That 70's Show"Dave/Milhouse, BA
Have you ever dreaded going to work so much because you know that as much as you hate your job normally, today is going to be even worse.It's like the movie, "Office Space" where each day you are at work is the worst day.Well, I got to work today and Marc is out of the office today on business.He and Matt had both been out on Friday for a family function in Kansas City.Anyway, Marc had come into the office on Friday briefly before flying out and had accidentally forgotten his credit card.He called the office and Randy was taking care of everything.She was Overnighting his credit card to him at the hotel.I guess he called Randy at home on Saturday evening to see if she could find out where the package was since he hadn't received it yet.Turns out... she forgot to click the "Saturday Delivery" button so his credit card did not arrive to Kansas City until today which does him no good since he's in North Carolina on business.Anyway, since he didn't have a credit card, he had to have his parents pay for his room.Marc checked out early to catch his flight to NC and when Matt got the bill, he noticed that Marc had rented a porno.That's just horrifying.The last people you'd want to know that, are your parents (unless you are a parent and then you'd try and keep that from your kids).QOTD - "He's my son and all, but he's just messed up." - Matt about MarcDave/Milhouse, BA
I am sick of hearing Monica Lewinsky complain that Clinton has "damaged" her reputation.Now that his book is out, she is feeling especially hurt that he refers to their situation as an "inappropriate encounter" whereas she is saying that they had a meaningful mutual relationship.I'm sorry, but come on Monica... wise up! How meaningful could it have been?He's a married man.He's the President of the United States and she was an overweight overachieving annoying intern (not saying much for him though)Monica: May I? President: Sure... why not?I can get away with it.Who will ever know?All the other world leaders do it. Monica: Mmm President: What are you doing with that?Don't... oh... Fidel Castro gave me that one to me himself... it's a Cuban! Monica: Ooh President: I believe this has just become an inappropriate encounter.She's now claiming that her life is in shambles because of the publicity she got over the inappropriate encounter she had with Clinton.Doubtful.She's now the host of a reality show on television (something called "Mr. Personality"), she's written a book called "Monica's Story", she has her own line of handbags and at only 30-years-old she's already able to afford to own a nice apartment in Manhattan.I highly doubt she'd be as well off if her name wasn't always in the spotlight.So my advice to you, Monica... stop complaining and make the most of the situation you put yourself in by having "relations" with a married man who happened to be the 42nd President of the United States.QOTD - "He made her... Lewinsky him." - Bebe Neuwirth as 'Nina Laszlo' on "Law and Order"Dave/Milhouse, BA
Clinton's autobiography is selling like crazy.Barnes and Noble apparently sold 50,000 copies the first day.With a retail cost of $35 and a special online cost of $21, that's well over $1 million dollars... in Barnes and Noble alone!The total first day sales topped the 400,000 mark which is amazing since that one day covered Clinton's advance from the publishing house of $10 million.I remember the big deal that was made when Hillary Clinton's book came out and made sales history... Bill's book doubled her sales.That is one wealthy family now.When's Chelsea's book coming out?Why can't the Met's play at a stadium named after their team?I was reminded that the Mets and Yankees are going to be playing one another this weekend and got caught in a sentance no Mets fan likes to accidentally say, "Which stadium are they playing at?Yankee or Met?"Damn!It was too late... I had already given a Yankee fan ammunition!"It's called Shea Stadium.They don't have a stadium named after them!"Yeah yeah yeah... I know... they're not good enough to have a stadium named after them, people say.Well, I say, maybe they'd be better if they had some motivation like playing home games at a home stadium with their name in bright lights.The Jets are the same way.If the proposal to build a stadium for the Jets on the West Side of NYC, then maybe they'd play better too (if it's called Jets Stadium, that is).In conclusion... Yankees suck."Now that my fart is back, theres a guy right behind me again!" - AnonyMEous to Suzanne two seconds before polluting the guy's walking spaceDave/Milhouse, BA
The following is a guest TOTD and a perfect opportunity to try out my blog (www.totdqotd.blogspot.com) which allows you to respond with comments to the writer.On to the guest TOTD by Jay Weisberger...So, several friends of mine (on both the East and West Coasts) were discussing something that affected a few of us and I think there needs to be a larger discussion to reach a consensus.Then, someone needs to publish the results in some sort of peer reviewed dating journal.Here was the initial conversation: You’re dating someone, with some sort of exclusivity and things are going swimmingly.Or maybe they are not, say, you had a fight or something.Either way, let’s say that person suddenly stops calling you out of the blue, despite some spoken terms of dating (in other words, this isn’t someone you’re just going out with to see what happens, you are actually trying a more formal relationship).There may be circumstances you know about (sickness in the family, or something personal of that sort) or not.The question is, though, how long is the “statute of limitations” on your relationship if you just flat out don’t hear for someone and cannot get in touch with them through a variety of means?Essentially, how long until you are, by default, single?From talking to several people who have been in situations like this, and form some personal experience, we’re saying about 10 days.This means, even if someone had a parent die, is laid up in a hospital somewhere or simply lost a cell phone, 10 days is ample time for that person, or someone who is friends with that person, to make a quick phone call or write two lines of e-mail.If that’s not happening, you are freed from any obligation to said relationship.Is this a realistic proposal?My thinking is that if you are important enough to someone, they can let you know what’s going on even in the worst of times.Even if it’s just a “heads up” that he or she is busy, but wanted to say hello and let you know what’s happening.If they cannot do that, over 10 days, you’re back on the market.Discuss. QOTD -"I wish dating was like slaying. You know, simple, direct, stake through the heart, no muss, no fuss." - Nicolas Brendon as 'Xander' on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"
Saturday night, I sucked up my pain and limped around the Mohegan Sun casino in Connecticut with some friends.On the drive to the casino, I felt really good about my prospects of leaving there with more money than I arrived with.I just had a feeling.It quickly dawned on my that my "feeling" wasn't worth diddlysquat... which is coincidentally how much I am worth post-casino.Oh well... I had fun with friends and that's what matters, right?I, at least, understand that losing at a casino is the norm and that the majority of the people around me are also losing money.A wise man once said to me (and now I like to claim the wisdom as my own and pass it along to others), "casinos don't look the way they do because people win when they visit".I have two pieces of advice for the casino-goer.First - find the $5 or $10 tables... $15 if necessary, but try to avoid the $25 ones.Four hands of black jack and you could be out $100... or two hands of doubling down and getting a 3 as that last card... or one hand of splitting and then doubling.Second - never go to a table where the dealer or pit boss has a uni-brow.In general, uni-brows are associated with mean people.Well it turns out that dealers with uni-brows, in addition to being mean, are also very good dealers and like to take your money.Then when they try to look sympathetic towards you after taking your money, they smile and wrinkle their foreheads, but instead of looking friendly, they just look mean because of the uni-brow.I think I should stick to poker with my friends where I am guaranteed to take their money since I'm a more talented player than them (in my opinion).Talent comes from within, it isn't learned.QOTD -"I DATE THIS GIRL!" - Me to the rest of the craps table and casino in earshot as Suzanne rolled her numberDave/Milhouse, BA
Sorry about the lack of TOTD on Friday, folks.I actually was injured playing Rugby Thursday night and spent Friday doing nothing but sitting on my ass with my sprained ankle up and iced.What am I doing?I can't lie to you people.I rolled the ankle playing volleyball.When I got back to my building after the game Thursday night, I hopped through the revolving door and the doorman asked what happened.I told him and he looked at me and suggested that I tell other people it was injured in a sport like football or hockey... but volleyball didn't sound rough enough to cause this injury.Happy first day of summer!It's going to rain the rest of the week, but at least it's nice out today... that's the way it should be.Unable to play golf on Saturday with my brother due to my sprain, I went to this small sports bar with my brother and a friend of his Saturday afternoon to watch some US Open golf while my sister-in-law was having a little baby shower.Anyway, this bar was classic.The three of us stroll in (me limping behind them) at around 12:30 in the afternoon.There was one other customer there and the skanky 41-year-old bartender who seemed to have been around the block a few times.The other patron was an older smelly guy with two teeth.I turned to my brother and said, "The Big Easy seems like a classy joint compared to this place", then I offered him the Cheese Doodles that had been sitting in a basket on the bar for who knows how long!I've seen my share of dive bars, but this place took the cake.Though it had a pool table, couple dart boards, a golden tee machine and a couple other games, this place was a real crap-hole.Maybe with a lot of creative vision and a lot of renovating this place could be upgraded to just plain crappy.Anyway, gotta love the small-town local spots.QOTD -"Does it hurt if you DON'T limp?" - Suzanne to me (hello... Earth to Suzanne... if it didn't hurt, I wouldn't limp... helllllooooo)Dave/Milhouse, BA
Ahh... it's here.Though the official beginning of summer was here a few weeks ago, everyone knows that July 4th is really the start of the summer fun.You know what else July 4th means?It means I'll be getting out of work early today and enjoying the weather this weekend.It means being able to go out with friends on a Thursday night and not have to worry about bringing my "A" game to work since the phones will be dead.Did I mention it means that I get to leave work early?It also means that I don't have to go to work on Monday (which subsequently means that you won't get a TOTD on Monday).It means that the streets will be filled with drunkards trying to get home from the beach where they had a few brewskies.It means the waterways will be filled with the rest of the drunks trying to navigate their boats around one another trying to figure out who has the bigger boat and therefore has the right of way.It means traffic in the City will be ridiculous since the FDR Drive will be closed to cars and filled with pedestrians hoping to catch a glimpse of the fireworks on the East River over the heads of the massive amounts of tall people standing in front of them.It means that I need to stop writing so I can finish up pretending to do work so I can leave the office early.QOTD -"That's a shame, being that it's the 4th of July and all. Kids like you should be out having fun. Drinking, partying, running over people, getting away with murder, things like that." - Muse Watson as 'Ben Willis' in "I Know What You Did Last Summer"ENJOY YOUR LONG WEEKEND!Dave/Milhouse, BA
A very “interesting” guest Thought from Shannon:I just had to go pee!! That’s how it started…I just wanted to get inside a bathroom stall before my small beer filled bladder exploded but instead my virgin eyes witnessed an act most men would pay to see. Okay, back to the beginning. Since Nick and I are alcoholics we wandered into B-Bar for a late night drink. Upon arrival I decided I had to go pee. What happened next has officially scarred me for life. Two girls were waiting in line ahead of me. When a stall opened up they both went in. A little strange but I thought maybe one of them just needed help with their bra or something. Next thing I know their feet are facing each other. It clicked in…neither of them were having bra difficulties…they were kissing. So okay, they just want to make out. This is New York…I’ve been to Greenwich Village.Finally, I got into the stall next to them. All of the sudden a pair of feet appeared underneath the wall separating me and the horny girls. The sounds changed…now I felt like I was in college and my roommates boyfriend was visiting for the weekend. Except there were no male moans. I walked out of the stall and apparently one of the girls magically grew a penis or invested in a well made plastic accessory. The other girl however had definitely listened to Lil’ John a few times and was bent over to the floor and touching her toes. Thoughts began to run though my head…is one a man, hermaphrodite, strap on, dildos dildos dildos…I was so confused. I tried to think back to when I saw them outside the stall…they both had boobs right? I left the bathroom in disbelief…I guess I will never know the answers to my questions.So witnessing this has made me question public displays of affection. Nick and I have been called grinding ho’s before…but we’re only dirty on the dance floor. How far is too far and when and where is it okay to get down and do the nasty?QOTD –Nick: The girl with the strap on gets the shaft. Me: literally! (Nick stating the fact that one girl is not getting any pleasure out of the situation) 
It has been suggested to me via an anonymous reader on my blog (www.totdqotd.blogspot.com) that I need to add more hate to my Thought of the Days... I guess lately I've been too "SICKENINGLY HEARTENING".You know what I hate?I hate idiotic fools who ride public transportation, mainly the bus, and really aren't qualified for such a difficult task.Whereas I am very pleased that these imbeciles are not driving their own cars, I think the public bus may be a little too advanced and that they should be riding a special bus.I enjoy taking the bus just to watch these people.This woman who was sitting in front of me pressed the strip to signify that she wanted get off at the next stop.The light had already been lit, but that didn't matter to this woman... she was determined to press it for herself.She must have been hard of hearing because she didn't hear the "ping" sound go off when she touched the yellow strip the first time.So, like any abnormal person who didn't trust that the "Stop Requested" light by the driver would signify that someone wanted to get off, she kept pressing the strip and the pinging kept on going off.This is annoying normally, but at 8:15 in the morning, it is extremely annoying.So we were pulling up to 75th street stop where this woman wanted to get off.The bus stop was on the north side of the street, but we had to stop for the traffic light.She got up from her seat and walked to the doors in the back of the bus which I was sitting across from, grabbed the handles and pushed forward.Since we had not yet arrived at the bus stop, the doors were still locked.Realizing that the doors were not opening, she panicked and began to violently push and kick the door trying to get the door open.The driver noticed this and yelled for her to stop her tantrum.She started yelling back to him saying that she was stuck.She wasn't stuck in the door or anything, but since all she yelled was "I'M STUCK DAMNIT", the driver ran back to help her.Finding that she was not stuck, he asked her what her problem is and when she explained very loudly so everyone could hear that she was stuck on the bus and the doors wouldn't open he said, "Lady, the stop is across the street!"The driver got back to the front of the bus just as the traffic light had gone through a cycle and was turning red again so we were all stuck at the light.People on the bus weren't very pleased with her to say the least.To myself, I remembered the guy on the subway the other day and said, "Next stop's coming up... bitch".I guess it wasn't really to myself, though since the woman turned around to look at me and a couple people around me started laughing under their breath.The moral of this story... learn to ride the bus so I don't make fun of you.QOTD -"Get off the meds, grandma." - Girl behind me while watching the psycho try and break down the door
I went to the Jersey Shore this weekend with Suzanne and her family.I took Monday off as well so I could have an extended weekend there.The beaches were beautiful and the weather was in the 80's.Yesterday afternoon, there was a panic on the beach.A 5-year-old girl disappeared the next beach over from us and the lifeguards were put on red alert.They pulled everyone out of the water and lined up the lifeguards to do a sweep of the ocean, taking one step and then diving, then another step and then diving.They had the coast guard around and rescuers on jet skis, kayaks, and rescue boards.They had people searching the streets in case she had wandered off.Everyone was staring at the life guards and looking around the beach.Sirens from emergency vehicles were blaring.Finally, the search ended and the lifeguards got out of the water and started running back in our direction to their posts.The girl had been found wandering the streets a couple towns from where she had disappeared.She walked pretty far.As the lifeguards ran by, some people applauded. I think it's nice that everyone on the beach supported the lifeguards.There was a real feeling of community on the beach that afternoon... a sense of closeness as parents held their kids and older siblings looked out for their younger siblings.There was one boy who put his hand on his little brother's shoulder and said, "if you were little, where would you run off to?"The togetherness that I saw on the beach reminded me of the togetherness I felt after September 11th... people forget for a moment about their own problems and show genuine concern for others.QOTD -"Next stop's coming up... (pause) BITCH!" - Guy on train to another guy trying not showing genuine concern for others and trying instead to start a fight after the Mets vs. Yankees game was cancelled on Friday night because the Yankees were scared to play -- OF COURSE THE NEXT STOP IS COMING UP YOU IMBECILE... THAT'S WHAT MAKES IT THE NEXT STOP!Dave/Milhouse, BA
I've decided that grey hair is a sign of good luck.You may be wondering where I got this idea from... well think about it.Grey hair is a sign of old age.It means that you didn't die young... that's pretty lucky if you ask me.QOTD -"I decided I need to add 'moderation' into my limited dictionary" - Nick to Me a few hours before he headed back out to the barDave/Milhouse, BA
I got stuck sitting next to an odd fellow on the train this morning.I was trying to read but kept getting distracted by his constant moving around and shuffling the newspaper.He finished his paper, took out a hardcover book, turned to the page he had marked with his bookmark and continued to read.I was reading my book and minding my own business when he started shuffling through his bag again this time breaking out a highlighter.I'm always curious when people need to highlight or underline passages in books.Text books are one thing when wanting to study, but a regular novel is another.So I started giving myself a headache by keeping my head facing my book in front of me while trying to stare to the side towards his page marking in order to read without looking conspicuous.He was highlighting religious phrases and passages.I thought to myself, "great, I'm next to a fricken bible freak!"Why mark the passages?Do you think he will go back to them at a later date.It's not like he was marking passages in the Bible for the sermon he was going to give later today, this was a regular novel.I like to think of myself as worldly character who is in tune to his surroundings and a good understanding of people.But I also like to think highly of myself... because I have no clue what this guy was doing.QOTD - "Britney Spears is really turning into a White Trash Southern Belle" - Suzanne to me (obviously not understanding that a Southern Belle is the opposite of White Trash and therefore can not be both... unless of course you are Britney Spears apparently)Dave/Milhouse, BA
Sunglasses are an amazing product.Surely it's purely psychological, but when I put on a pair of sunglasses, I just feel cooler - in both senses of the word.I feel I look like the stud I am while at the same time, I think I sweat less because my body is cooled down.I don't get it... the temperature is the same outside whether I'm wearing sunglasses or not... the sun is still beating down on me.I think it has something to do with thinking that you've escaped the sun and are now standing or walking in the shade.The extra shade makes weather like this a little more tolerable.Don't get me wrong, I love it when the sun shines but the heat kills me sometimes.Does anyone else think this way or is it just me?QOTD - "The sun always shines on the cool" - Matt WoodhamsDave/Milhouse, BA
I hope you all had a nice Fourth of July weekend and that it was a "long" one for you all.I put long in quotations there because I'm a strong believer that the work-week should really only be 3 or 4 days long and the weekend being 3 or 4 days.We have it all messed up.With the invention of better computers and better equipment was supposed to come more relaxation and less stress in the work place.Instead, we now do 500 times as much in one day as used to get done, yet we're still working just as long or even longer in some cases.Some people are hooked up and therefore can be reached by phone or email 24 hours a day 7 days a week.The Europeans have the right idea.They get a minimum of a month off and they're not shy about actually taking the time off from work.They go on "holiday" with their friends and family and see the world.We feel lucky if we can get 2 days off of work.By "we" I mean "me" and by "lucky" I mean "hatred toward our boss".Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed your one day off.To please all you dedicated readers out there, I am going to tell you a story of Saturday night that will bring a smile (or at least a little grin) to your faces.Recently, I was prodded into writing an embarrassing TOTD about myself, but did not want to.You have all been patient, so why not share.I was caught on Metro-North doing what no man wants to ever get caught doing.It was embarrassing for me, and I'm sure it was embarrassing for Suzanne sitting next to me.Not since the days of being called on in class at an "inappropriate moment" in middle school has a man suffered such embarrassment.You know what?I don't think I want to share this with you.Oh well, what the heck... I got caught... I got caught... I got caught... DAMN YOU ALL!I got caught whistling "Oops! ... I Did It Again" by Britney Spears.But not only was I whistling it, but I was doing so with excitement.I must have heard the song right before getting on the train, because I can assure you that I don't normally whistle her tunes.Not since the time I was out with Suzanne andI got hit on by a guy with a "College" shirt on who called me a "little bag of fun" have I seen her laugh so hard.Let the records show, I am not a Britney fan.Also, when I think about you, I don't really touch myself, despite what I may say when singing along with the radio.QOTD -"This sunburn is killing me, I need to get off the phone and go lather my body with Aloe" Me to Mikey P.Dave/Milhousedms, BA, LBF
My apartment&nbsp;building has slow small elevators.&nbsp; So when the elevator arrived at my floor to take me to the lobby and there were 2 women in it already, I had to squeeze in it since we all had bags with us.&nbsp; On most mornings, the elevator doesn't make too many stops... I guess it's one of the luxuries of being in a building with 5 elevators.&nbsp; Not this morning, though.&nbsp; The elevator made 6 more stops so that we had a total of 8 people in it&nbsp; I was the only guy... what are the odds of that happening?&nbsp; There are 400 plus apartments in my building and I was the only guy in an elevator of 8 people at a time when most people are on their way to work?&nbsp; Just seems mathematically incorrect.&nbsp; Then again, what the hell would I know about math... I took Psychological Methods and Statistics to fill my math requirement in college.&nbsp;QOTD -&nbsp;"If liking John Denver is bad, I don't want to be good"- Jeremy&nbsp;Have a great weekend, folks.&nbsp;Dave/Milhouse, BA&nbsp; 
Man, it stormed like crazy in the City yesterday... freaked me out a bit with all the lightening, but no thunder.It's sort of eerie when you see the storm, but don't hear it too... it's as if you're in the eye of the storm.It's storms like these that make me wonder just how mankind has lasted so long.We're not bright.We walk around in lightening storms feeling protected because we have umbrellas... otherwise known as metal rods we hold above our heads.Why don't they make umbrellas with a hard rubber top or grip.Seems to me that that would be a good use for rubber.QOTD -"Who buys an umbrella anyway? You can get them for free at the coffee shop in those metal cans." - Jason Alexander as 'George Costanza' on "Seinfeld"Dave/Milhousedms, BA
First things first, I insulted one of my faithful followers yesterday by forgetting to mention his birthday as well... so, happy belated birthday, Rich.Today, on the other hand, is an all new day where we will honor and celebrate the birthday of Sean Ryan... happy birthday, buddy... and congratulations are in order since he will be moving into a new house on Friday which, using his superior architectural skills, he designed.On to the real stuff, baby - I just read that an English man has been sent to jail for 5 years for possessing an illegal firearm.Supposedly, this guy was carrying a sawed-off shotgun in his pants and on his way back to the pub to finish his argument with a friend of his which he had over 15 pints of beer, when the gun accidentally went off shooting his testicles.I don't buy it... I know what really happened.I think he wanted to shoot off his testicles.I attended the Prince concert last night at Madison Square Garden and you should have seen how crazy the ladies wooed him every time he'd raise his voice an octave.Women love men who can hit the high notes.This guy surely can hit those notes now.Too bad he'll only impress his cell mate with that skill.QOTD -"I like Emeril Lagasse.He cooks with lots of pork fat.Pork fat is good" - Noal Goldfarb - a true American pork fat loverDave/Milhouse, BA
This is the birthday month I guess... happy birthday to Nora... hope it's a fun-filled day.To celebrate Nora's birthday, since I know how much of a Prince fan she is, I am going to attend the concert tonight at Madison Square Garden.I'll be thinking of you.I received an email from my mother the other day.Unlike the Thought of the Day which you receive on a daily basis, this is the type of email that we hate.It's not spam... it's the distant cousin that of spam that makes spam look well behaved.. it's B.S. - "Beyond Spam".The content of that email was extremely disturbing.It was just a forwarded email which has ended up in my inbox at least a dozen other times within the past few years,but the fact that my mother passed it along was what really killed me. MARK YOUR CALENDAR FOR NEXT SATURDAY:AS YOU MAY ALREADY KNOW, IT IS A SIN FOR A TALIBAN MALE TO SEE ANY WOMANOTHER THAN HIS WIFE NAKED, AND THAT HE MUST COMMIT SUICIDE IF HE DOES.SO NEXT SATURDAY AT 4 P.M. EASTERN TIME ALL AMERICAN WOMEN ARE ASKED TO WALKOUT OF THEIR HOUSES COMPLETELY NAKED TO HELP WEED OUT ANY NEIGHBORHOOD TERRORISTS. CIRCLING YOUR BLOCK FOR ONE HOUR IS RECOMMENDED FOR THIS ANTI- TERRORIST EFFORT. ALL MEN ARE TO POSITION THEMSELVES IN LAWN CHAIRS IN FRONT OF THEIRHOUSE TO PROVE THEY ARE NOT TALIBAN, AND TO DEMONSTRATE THAT THEY THINK ITS OKAY TO SEE NUDE WOMEN OTHER THAN THEIR WIFE AND TO SHOW SUPPORT FOR ALL AMERICAN WOMEN AND SINCE THE TALIBAN ALSO DOES NOT APPROVE OF ALCOHOL, A COLD 6-PACK AT YOUR SIDE IS FURTHER PROOF OF YOUR ANTI-TALIBAN SENTIMENT. FOR GOOD MEASURE, HAVE VARIOUS PORK PRODUCTS COOKING ON YOUR BBQ GRILL. THE AMERICAN GOVERNMENT APPRECIATES YOUR EFFORTS TO ROOT OUT TERRORISTS AND APPLAUDS YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THIS ANTI-TERRORIST ACTIVITY.GOD BLESS AMERICA.IT IS YOUR PATRIOTIC DUTY TO PASS THIS ON.Now I'm sorry, but this is disturbing... I didn't want to picture my mom naked.I didn't even want to picture her reading the email and thinking that was humorous.The words "Naked" and "Mom" should never be thought of in the same sentence... unless of course we are referring to YO MAMA.QOTD -"As you Internet users know, most e-mail comes from 'spammers,' who are the mutant spawn of a bizarre reproductive act involving a telemarketer, Larry Flint, a tapeworm, and an executive of the third-class mail industry." -Dave Barry (courtesy of Steve Wagner)Enjoy your rainy day, Dave/Milhouse, BA
First off, I'd like to wish a very happy birthday to my sister-in-law, Debbie... I won't mention the age, but let's just say she's somewhere in the 28-year-old vicinity.Hope you have a great day.I got stuck in traffic yesterday last evening.I don't mean the kind where you crawl along for a while and get frustrated that you're only going 5-10 miles per hour.I'm talking about the kind of traffic where you sit with your car in park and break out the hibachis since you won't be moving an inch for at least an hour type of traffic.If I'm not is a rush to get somewhere, I shrug off traffic like this realizing that things like this happen.With the police cars zooming up the shoulder, you have to think that there's a good reason for the delay... it's not just some moron driving slowly in the left lane.When there is traffic like this, there are always the asses who think that they are too special to sit there and feel it is necessary to speed up the shoulder... these are the same people who used to cut the elementary school lunch line on pizza day so they could get their lunch while it was still hot.The only excuse for speeding up the shoulder is if you or your passenger is giving birth.Bathroom isn't an issue... there are plenty of trees to hide behind and plenty of leaves to wipe with.Every once in a while a police car would fly by in the shoulder and then get stuck because of the nimrods who were taking up the shoulder.It's there for emergencies, people... if that were an ambulance, someone may have died because some people don't have any patience.Once the parking lot became a highway again, I felt a sense of total satisfaction seeing all of the people who drove in the shoulder, getting tickets from the cops.Ahh... sweet revenge.Those people deserved to get tickets and it felt real good to see that... almost orgasmic.QOTD -"This is one of the worst peanut butter and traffic jams I've ever seen. Get it? Peanut butter, traffic jam?" - Greg Berg as 'Fozzie' in "Muppet Babies"
I've had some requests to tell how the job interview went... you know, the one from the other day that was bound to start off on the wrong foot after the interviewer messed up the date of the interview and then sounded frustrated over the phone as to the why the mix-up occurred.&nbsp; Well... I was right.&nbsp; The position, which seemed perfect for me, is bound to go to a less qualified candidate all because this chick was in a bad mood because she wasn't careful in scheduling her days.&nbsp; I showed up at the company's office which was in a nice loft type of space in the Chelsea Market to a greeting from my interviewer, "Glad you showed up... today."&nbsp; I again apologized for the mix-up and explained how bad I felt that I had to check the voicemail she had originally left me setting the date and time multiple times just to be sure there, in fact, was no mistake on my part.&nbsp; We sat down in the conference room and she began by saying, "Sorry if these questions seem generic, but we've received like 200 resumes and interviewed so many people already."&nbsp; To be honest... that didn't sound as promising as the other day when she assured me that it would be worth BOTH our time for me to come in for the interview.&nbsp; We're talking for 45 minutes and I'm giving her all the correct answers and chiming in with my own questions and comments when it was appropriate.&nbsp; Then she says, "well, I'm done here."&nbsp; We left the conference room and as she was walking me out, I asked her for a business card.&nbsp; She gave me a little grief since she didn't have a card on her and would have to go to her desk.&nbsp; We started walking towards her desk and she told me to go back and wait in the reception area.&nbsp; Okay... whatever.&nbsp; She's gone a little while and then comes over and hands me her card while explaining that I was the first,&nbsp;(much to my surprise)&nbsp;person she interviewed who asked for a business card.&nbsp; She told me that it's a little test she does to see who will ask for one.&nbsp; At this point, I see a ray of light since I passed her little test.&nbsp; I shake her hand to say goodbye... ME: Well, thank you very much.&nbsp; I appreciate you taking the time to meet with me.&nbsp; I hope we can speak again soon. HER: Press the red button and the door will unlock.&nbsp; The elevator is on your right. Well that wasn't the best ending, right?&nbsp; I am sick of having a crappy job and having to make excuses to leave my crappy job to interview for what seem to be promising jobs only to be misled into thinking I will hear back from these people shortly and then not hearing from them, lied to about the decision process and then receiving a rejection letter in the mail, or just flat out shot down rudely.&nbsp; I need a way out. You guys know me best... what type of jobs do you think I'd be good at?&nbsp; Let's start a list on the blog ( urlLink http://www.totdqotd.blogspot.com/ ). 1. Prison Consultant2. Breast Feeding Coach (not for my sister-in-law, though... that's just sick)3. Socialite4. Poker Champion5. Writer Anyway... keep the list going... I'm curious what you think. QOTD - "So I was sitting in my cubicle today, and I realized, ever since I started working, every single day of my life has been worse than the day before it. So that means that every single day that you see me, that's on the worst day of my life."- Ron Livingston as 'Peter Gibbons' in "Office Space Dave/Milhouse, BA 
I believe it was Noal who owned the button down shirt with pictures of lobsters all over it. To me, that is an okay shirt. It's a "relax, I'm on vacation shirt". I understand that, I have a couple of those at well which nobody but myself can stand the sight of. But this morning I saw a guy wearing a yellow polo shirt with little red crabs all over it. Now that doesn't say "relax, I'm on vacation", it screams, "I OWN A BOAT AND LIVE IN CONNECTICUT!" It's just wrong. Speaking of things that are just wrong, Kentucky Fried Chicken is threatening to boycott a West Virginia plant because of alleged chicken abuse. Maybe it's just me, but this seems odd for two reasons. The first being the obvious reason that KFC's entire business revolves around the killing and cooking of chickens... which I believe is the worst kind of abuse. The second reason the boycott seems odd is that the plant is in West Virginia. KFC had to have known there'd be some sort of abuse going on... beatings or at least sexual abuse... it's West Virginia after all! QOTD - "I think we've all learned a lesson about who's disgusting around here. Now, anybody want some fried chicken? I'm only eating the skins, so the chicken's up for grabs."- Matt LeBlanc as 'Joey' on "Friends"Dave/Milhouse, BA
Happy birthday to Shannon and happy BIRTHday to Zachary Jordan Silbergleit.&nbsp;I had this entire Thought of the Day planned for today talking about how bad I felt after my interview yesterday and how unfair it was that she didn't like me because SHE messed up the timing of the interview... so despite how well it could have been and how good of a fit I would have had there, I felt I got the shaft.&nbsp;But I can't write about that, because I'm not angry anymore.&nbsp; I just got a call from my brother.&nbsp; As of 8:44 this morning, I am an uncle.&nbsp; Zachary Jordan Silbergleit... welcome to the world outside Deb's stomach.&nbsp; I hope you like sailing because your room is covered with sail boats.&nbsp; Congratulations to Deb and Jason... and Zach, you and me are going to have a nice juicy steak someday... don't fall for that no red meat thing Deb practices.&nbsp;QOTD -&nbsp;"What up uncle?"- Jason to me 
Happy Birthday to Jen Hilgert and a congratulations as well in her recent engagement to another TOTDer and good friend of mine, Kris Clark. I can't help but feel that if it were not for my Thought of the Day, these two never would have found each other. I don't know why I would think that, they did not meet at a TOTD party, nor do they even read past the first couple of lines of a TOTD unless it's got some sort of flare, but deep down, I think my ramblings have made this all possible. Anyway, congratulations you two... I know you'll both be happy and so will I when we have the bachelor party... WOO HOO! On a less exciting note. I have an interview this evening after work. I'm not going to go into details regarding the position because I don't want to jinx myself. I had a really good feeling about this interview. The woman interviewing me spoke with a tone that really made it sound as if she genuinely wanted to meet with me because I am a good candidate for the job. She came right out and said that she liked my resume and that it would be "worth both our while" for me to go in for an interview. I got home from work yesterday all ready to do some more background research on the company so I would be prepared. I went to the bathroom and the phone rang. I let in ring and then got the voicemail when I was finished in the little boys room. It was from the interviewer. "Um, hi David, this is _______ from _______. I'm just wondering where you are. It's 6:20 and our receptionist has left so I've been walking to the reception area every so often to look for you. Please call me... just curious why you're not here." As you can imagine, I began to panic and freak out a bit. I listened to an older voicemail she had left me verifying our interview time and was able to relax a bit knowing that I was right. I'll tell you why I'm not there, Miss... my interview isn't until Tuesday! I got a hold of her and explained that we were supposed to meet on Tuesday, not Monday but I could go in at that moment if she would prefer. She admitted that she vaguely remembered the meeting being on Tuesday and had accidentally written Monday in her notes. So, inadvertently, I have already started off on the wrong foot. She stayed late at work waiting for me and I didn't show up... not only that, but I made her feel silly for writing down the wrong day. Way to go D-Butta... that wasn't so smoove.&nbsp;QOTD - "Uh uh, no. Condoms are for single men. The day we got engaged, I said goodbye to the condom forever."- Jason Alexander as 'George Costanza' on "Seinfeld"Dave/Milhouse, BA
"Today", on NBC this morning, had as a guest Martha Stewart's "Prison Consultant". What the hell did this guy do to become a prison consultant? Did he spend the majority of his life in and out of the prison system? I guess he's the person who looks at the other prisoners and decides which person Martha should latch on to and become a bitch for in order to survive. I hear about a job like this and it makes me sick. You know this guys sits at home and watches "Oz" and a bunch of prison pornos on Cinemax late night and Adult Movies on Demand and then charges Martha for the RESEARCH he had just done.&nbsp; "Don't drop the soap when Big Mamma is around you. That'll be $1000 thank you very much." QOTD -"Hey, if we were in prison, you guys would be like my bitches."- Lisa Kudrow as 'Phoebe' in "Friends"Dave/Milhouse, BA 
First off, happy birthday to Christopher Papaleo (aka Pops)... hope you have a great day. Also, congratulations to Debbie Nall for her 'Bryant Park #3" photo which won the "AMATEUR USA BEST PLACES" category in a Women In Photography International photo exhibition (I guess they like crooked photos... ha!).I almost got hit by a bike messenger this morning when crossing the street. To avoid me, he swerved into oncoming traffic, almost getting hit by a car. I wonder what the life expectancy of a bike messenger is? If a risk management executive was to assess the insurability of a bike messenger, what would s/he find? In Manhattan the price of a slice of pizza has traditionally equaled that of one subway ride. I believe the life expectancy of a bike messenger is similar in that it corresponds with the average lifespan of a Manhattan restaurant or bar... just about 2 years.QOTD -"We will double our special forces to conduct terrorist opper... anti-terrorist operations." - John Kerry, in what could have been a very bad blunder during his speech at last nights Democratic National ConventionDave/MilhousePS - Get out there and vote this year. To register easily, check outurlLink http://www.rockthevote.com/
Sorry everyone... I forgot to mention I wouldn't be sending out a TOTD yesterday (and I appreciate all your notes checking in with me), but we had the bris for my nephew.&nbsp; The bris, for those of you unfamiliar, is the ceremonial circumcision of a newborn Jewish baby which is performed by a Mohel (for more info...urlLink http://www.torahview.com/bris/html/the_bris.html ).&nbsp; So, we're at my brother's house and this young guy who looked younger than me showed up and we thought he was the Mohel... turns out he was the Mohel's assistant... an apprentice or an intern, if you will.&nbsp; After the event and before the Mohel and his young apprentice left the house, I approached the young kid and asked him, "How do you practice?"&nbsp; I mean seriously... I would think that it's tough to practice a circumcision.&nbsp; In response to my question, he replied, "I had a friend who was interviewing to get into Columbia Dental School and asked when they get their first patient.&nbsp; He was told that the students practice on each other first."&nbsp; He continued, "But this is nothing like that"It turns out that they just study medical procedures and work as an apprentice for a long time.&nbsp; I just wouldn't want my son to be under the knife of a first-timer.&nbsp; Scary thought.&nbsp; A scarier thought, though... Nick asked me if as the uncle I got to do the "snip snip"... thankfully... they leave that to the professionals (and their interns... HA)QOTD -"That boy is going to make some girl VERY happy" - The Mohel to a few of us in regards to his 'size' - so watch yourselves ladies!Dave/Milhouse
After I wrote my TOTD last week about getting passed by with jobs all the time, my friend Sashimi Yamamora sent me an article referring to a recent study by the Center for Labor Market Studies at Northeaster University showing that the growth in the employment population in the US over the past few years is due new immigrants. The study found that from the beginning of 2001 through the beginning of 2004 over 2 million new immigrants have found work in the US while the number of native born or longer-term immigrant workers has declined by more than 1.3 million. As I was reading this uninteresting article I came across one fact that really stood out. The director of the Center for Labor Market Studies is named Andrew Sum. I thought this was great. What type of career do you go into if your name is Sum... an analytical one of course where you try and find results that sum something up. That's like Mrs. Beagle... the woman that used to groom our family dog when growing up. Of course she'd grow up to be dog groomer... she had no choice with that name.QOTD -"I lost my dream job, and when I walked out of that House of Pancakes, I felt two inches tall." - Kirsty Alley as 'Rebecca Howe' on "Cheers"Dave/Milhouse, BA 
Suzanne's Birthday was yesterday... so first off, happy birthday! I hope you enjoyed yourself (otherwise I stink as a boyfriend). Her parents had planned to take us out to dinner for her birthday on Saturday so that I could celebrate with her on Sunday, her actual birthday (seems like only a year ago - to the day - that I was liquoring her up and then licking her face to get her attention). Before dinner, her mother and I are talking and she asked me what I had planned to do for Suzanne's birthday dinner...Mrs. F: Any special dinner plans for tomorrow? Me: Yep... I found a place called 'Barcelona' in South Norwalk Mrs.. F: Oh? Me: It's supposed to be a nice Tapas Restaurant and Wine Bar(Silence)Mrs.. F: Okay Me: Yeah... Suzanne really likes wine and it'll be something different... she'll have a good time. Mrs. F:(after a long hesitation and sounding a bit uncomfortable)Well, I hope you dance for her.I did made a hesitant laugh not knowing where she was going with this but thinking she was making some kind of joke which I should politely laugh at. It was puzzling, but I forgot about it until later that night. Dinner with her parents was nice and then we left and went back to her place. We had rented "Starsky and Hutch" from Netflix and were watching it. They walked into a strip club and it hit me like a sledgehammer. Her mom thought I said "topless" instead of "tapas". I felt horrible. Her mom called on Sunday to wish her a happy birthday and Suzanne asked her mom about it. Sure enough, she thought I had said "topless" and had seen a new side of me ( the side you all know... mwahahahahaha ). Not the side I wanted her parents to see.QOTD -"We're making preparations for Tina's birthday party and she wants me to pop out of the cake. You'll never believe what she wants me not to wear." - Dean Stockwell as 'Al' in "Quantum Leap"Dave/Milhouse, BA 
Since I will not be in tomorrow and therefore depriving you all of your daily dose of cleverness, I'd like to take this opportunity to congratulate Kerrie Waterhouse (soon to be Kerrie Pelletter) ahead of time on her wedding which will be on Saturday. Congratulations... Pete is one lucky guy.You ever have one of those days where you're just so glad that it is raining. I was walking to work this morning and something wet hit my head... it felt like a big drop of something. Normally I'd be grossed out a little thinking it was a big drop of "mystery liquid" falling from somewhere on the building next to me, but this time I was crossing the street and there was no place for this to fall from. My next thought was pigeon crap... why me, huh? Why? I touched the spot on my head where the liquid fell, but it was just wet, no color, so started worrying that maybe the pigeon had the "runs". Then one by one, rain drops started coming down slowly. I had never been so happy to walk in the rain... thank God it was only rain.On another totally different note, have you heard the latest from Cingular Wireless? They've come up with the ultimate luxury service for their customers... and I can't believe none of other companies have thought of this. I mean where was this service back in the day when I was on my many-a-bad Jdates. "Escape-A-Date" is their new service that lets you schedule a phone call at a pre-set time. The phone will ring at the specified time and the message will guide you on a way out of the date... check out this example of what the phone will say:Hey, this is your escape-a-date call. If you're looking for an excuse, I got it. Just repeat after me, and you'll be on your way!"Not again! Why does that always happen to you?...Alright, I'll be right there." Now tell 'em that your roommate got locked out, and you have to go let them in. Good luck!This is hilarious... I so could have used this a few times myself instead of just pretending that my phone was ringing and having a fake conversation with someone (this also came in handy for me when trying to get out of work early once). No more excusing yourself to the bathroom and then trying to squeeze through the bathroom's small frosted window only to end up in a rat and cockroach infested alley. No more jumping out of a moving cab to avoid answering the question, "will I see you again?". No more going for hikes near lakes and pretending to drown while secretly swimming to the other end underwater using a blowfish as your air supply. Verizon may have the best service in NYC, but Cingular has the smartest.QOTD -"I must suck too hard"- Kate having a hard time lighting a cigarette (or was she?)Dave/Milhouse, BA
A sewer exploded across the street from my office.The building shook and the sound scared the crap out of me.People in the streets were panicking and the police were there within seconds on their radios.The fire trucks showed up within a couple of minutes (good thing there's a firehouse a block away).So they marked off the area and started controlling traffic a bit.But the genius cops wave a Hess oil truck drive by.A sewer explodes, police and firemen don't know the cause yet because the experts have not yet arrived, and yet they let a Hess truck drive by... what if it exploded again?Sometimes I really don't understand what is going through people's heads.QOTD -"The husband of a missing pregnant woman told a 'reliable citizen witness' IN THE PSYCHIATRIC WARD that he killed his wife as she slept before throwing her body in a trash bin, according to a court filing." - Associated PressDave/Milhouse, BA 
I don't really like to abuse my power as a literary genius to make you do things you wouldn't normally do, but every once in a while something comes my way that I think I should share with y'all. A TOTDer sent me an email yesterday that might interest some of you regarding the federal government looking to eliminate educational programs that promote condom use and instead, will only promote those programs that promote abstinence. So in order to help Jen keep her job promoting condom use, please email HIVComments@cdc.gov and tell them what you think about their idea for cutting the programs. I think cutting the condom program is like cutting a condom... no good things can come from it.On another note, I was reading an article on Crain's website yesterday and saw that the FDA approved Pfizer's Lipitor drug for other uses besides its initial purpose of lowering your cholesterol. I don't get it... isn't high cholesterol directly related to the cause for many heart attacks? So, if I am understanding this correctly, Pfizer's stock price rose yesterday because the FDA approved an already existing drug to continue doing what it has been doing all along. Sure... that makes sense. Way to go FDA... way to use your time wisely.QOTD -"In women's health news, the FDA announced that it has approved NuvaRing, a new highly effective birth control device for women. NuvaRing is 2 inches long and releases a continuous low dose of estrogen... just like Michael Jackson's penis." - Tina Fey on "Saturday Night Live"Dave/Milhouse, BA 
First off, I'd like to wish Mario a happy belated birthday. I hope your day was full of happiness and that Ben took good care of you if you know what I mean. I also want to wish Jeremy a safe flight today and the best of luck at USC... I just hope Los Angeles is ready for him!As much as I try to hide my feelings behind hilarious jokes and a calm, collective, handsome look, I have to tell you, this latest terror threat has me a little freaked out. I know that these places have been "threatened" since the the attacks on the the US on September 11, 2001, but the latest threats against our country by Al Qaeda have shown that they have a great amount of detail regarding the specific targets threatened. One of the landmarks, the Citigroup Center is located just a couple blocks from my apartment. Al Qaeda supposedly has notes on the blueprints of the buildings, the security systems and security schedule, notes on the assumed structural damage if an explosive was to go off. That, to me is beyond a minor threat... you don't waste time and energy getting studying that information for no reason. I don't feel to safe living that close. With all the tall buildings around my apartment, the damage could be devastating... it's got me a bit on edge.QOTD -"Fighting terrorism is like being a goalkeeper. You can make a hundred brilliant saves but the only shot that people remember is the one that gets past you." - Paul WilkinsonPeace out, Dave/Milhouse, BA 
Happy Friday, the 13th, everyone... I hope your day is a lucky one!Wow, so New Jersey just can't seem to get out of a slump.First they smell, then Mario moves there and now the Governor is going to resign because of a gay sex scandal.I heard that they've decided to just give up.They're sick of being the Garden State... everyone always mocks them, "Where's the garden?Smells more like a dump."I think New York is going to turn them down for citizenship... ever since that argument over who actually had the property rights to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, New York has been trying to sweep them under the rug.Besides, we have enough pollution in our state that we don't need any more from their over-use of hairspray.At the moment, I understand that the highest bidders for New Jersey are Pennsylvania, Delaware and Alaska.Pennsylvania already has a lot of greenery and could really use some more roadways... plus they really wanted to take advantage getting the Atlantic City derelicts to counter all of the Amish goody-two-shoes (never quite understood that phrase... do bad kids only wear one shoe?).They'd also like to take advantage of the Jersey Shore because without it, they only have Hershey as a vacation destination.Delaware is only interested in New Jersey because it wants more real estate."Wayne's World" did a number on their egos back in 1992.Alaska just wants New Jersey to join them so that they can finally be a part of the "continental united states" (Hawaii could care less about those haolies).The last option which doesn't seem to be getting as much attention is the formation of a new state which includes New Jersey, Chelsea, the West Village and San Francisco.Christopher Street in Manhattan will be the capital, Argyle (J.K.) will be Governor and the Queer Eye guys will be "on his staff".QOTD -"I can't guarantee shipping because of the riplickin coviction" - Vendor to me... it took me a while to understand that he was saying Republican Convention with his thick French Canadian accentDave/Milhouse, BAPS - Support your fellow TOTDer... see below from Debbie Nall -As you know, I won "AMATEUR USA Best Places" for "Bryant Park #3" from the Women In Photography International "Virtual * Visual" competition/exhibition.Now, is your opportunity to vote for "Bryant Park #3" to be the "People's Choice"Please go to their website aturlLink http://www.womeninphotography.org/wipihome.htmland view the exhibition.Then click "vote" and cast your vote (artists are listed in alphabetical order by last name).I also have some images on exhibition at "projekt30"please go to their website too and cast your vote!urlLink http://www.projekt30.com/jury.php?page=14&image=1&amp;PHPSESSID=4139d80581f5728989290106b9504cb0
I almost stepped in dog crap on my walk to work this morning.It was one of those crowded areas where the street narrows due to outdoor seating at a restaurant and the high volumes of pedestrians are squeezing by each other to get to where they want to go.Someone crossed my path and I had to swerve quickly to avoid physical contact with this person (lucky for him... you DO NOT want to mess with me... I'm like a massive muscle machine!).In avoiding this guy, my foot almost landed right in a pile of dog crap.I started to think about it... if I stepped in the crap, I wouldn't want to wear my shoes into my office.We have carpeting in our office and the the crap would just settle into the fabric and it would smell terrible forever... even after I cleaned my shoes.Then again, if I did take my shoes off before coming into the office, there'd still be the stink from my feet after walking 30 blocks to work.For those of you that have witnessed me taking my shoes off after walking all day in them can attest to the horrifying funk.To leave on or not to leave on... that was almost the question.QOTD -"I don't like the guest Thought of the Days... they're never as good as the real ones." - Marni after being told she should write a guest TOTDDave/Milhouse, BA 
I'm reading a book that I find very enjoyable, not because it's a deep and intense novel like "The DaVinci Code", but because the concept behind it fascinates me. I think the author has a real talent for writing dialogue. He's not afraid to throw the 'F' word into play every so often. Unfortunately, I find myself a little embarrassed to be reading the book in public. The embarrassment has nothing to do with it's content, rather it is the book itself. The cover is very feminine... it looks like the cover of a chick romance novel. But it's far from a chick novel. And the author is far from a chick author. The book is called "The Deed" and it was written by Keith Blanchard, the Editor of Maxim Magazine. I find myself folding the cover over or concentrating on covering the front cover so nobody sees that I'm reading what appears to be a chick book. It's taking me a while to get through the book, despite my interest in it, due to the fact I'm spending more of my concentration on hiding the book cover than I am on reading the story. The book is great though... I read the book and can really imagine myself as the main character... the things he observes are very similar to things I would observe and then force upon your reading eyes in my TOTD. I'd recommend the book, but only if you have a left over book covers from middle school. Attached is a picture of the cover... you'll see what I mean.QOTD"Of course you believe him, it's a chick flick. In a guy flick, you steal the money, you set a guy up to take the fall, you murder him and you marry his wife." - Mark Harmon as 'Gibbs' on "Navy NCIS"Dave/Milhouse, BA 
First off, I'd like to wish Ken and Liz a very happy 2-year anniversary on this Tuesday, August 10th.So I got the oddest most unexpected voicemail this morning.It was a rejection message for a job I had applied for a couple of weeks ago.The position was a sales planning position with Time Warner's entertainment division which would work with TBS and TNT.The job sounded interesting and I though it might lead to something decent in the future as well.What I did not catch was that it would be working on "Team Winiarski"... and even if I had noticed that, not that seeing that would have meant anything to me.So I get this message that starts off like a normal rejection message and then spins off.Take a listen:"Mr. Silbergleit.I am calling in regards to the sales planning position at Time Warner.I personally wanted to tell you that although your resume is impressive, we can't have you come in for an interview.My name is Karen Winiarski and the opening is on my team and I don't want you on it.At first I didn't know if this was you, but I remembered that you worked at Edelman and I saw it on your resume.I don't know if you remember me.We met at Arriba Arriba and went out and I thought we had a good time.But you didn't call me again.I called you for a second date, but you never called me back.I emailed you and you didn't email me back.You are lucky there are people like me out here that will get back to you even though you don't deserve it.You send a resume, you want to hear something, and now you have.Don't expect a job in my group.Have a nice day.Good luck with your job search."I'm a little surprised she didn't mention anything about loving to eat cheese in the message since the psycho couldn't talk about anything else during the date from hell!I'm just upset that I accidentally deleted the voicemail while trying to listen to it again to get the wording correct... this is the type of message you save for years for a good chuckle.QOTD -"You're a f**king psycho!" - Minnie Driver as 'Debi' in "Grosse Pointe Blank"Dave/Milhouse, BA 
A guest thought from the sicker and more twisted than mine mind of Mario...I don't normally get the chance to ride the NYC subway during the week. Considering that I live/work in NJ there is little call for it unless I happen to wander in for an occasion. This occasion was my first trip to Yankee Stadium! I had won some free tickets from work. They weren't great seats (bleacher), but free is free.So I was taking the 'D' train up to the stadium. The car was fairly packed with quite a variety of people: the well dressed ladies and gentlemen in business suits, the odd construction worker, and some random kids, but mostly people going up to the Bronx to watch their beloved Yankees. I have to say that it is absolutely amazing what people will talk about while riding the sub way. On my left were two girls. I'd guess 12-14 or so. I wasn't paying much attention to what they were going on and on about until a couple of words caught my attention... "When I was pregnant my t*ts got so, f***in' big". I looked up from staring at the floor and made eye contact with the woman sitting next to them (early 30's, big green eyes, freckles, almost your typical red head... except she was tan). I got the most desperate look of horror and a plea of help from this woman. I just looked at her and shrugged.For another 60 or so streets (on the local this seems like forever!) these two girls went on discussing rather explicit details about their sex lives. Who they were "bangin'" etc. I couldn't believe that these two girls were going on and on like this on the train! Sounded like they were giving out more rides than the MTA! The woman sitting next to them looked absolutely appalled. Finally, these girls got off the train with a whole gaggle of people a few stops before the stadium. The woman’s friend moved over and sat next to her. She had the biggest look of relief on her face to be sitting next to someone with a little bit of sanity!So we make it to Yankee stadium... FYI bleacher seats are ~$8, Hot dogs are $1, pretzels are ~$1.25, coke is $1. Not so bad for sitting on a hard piece of extruded aluminum for 7 innings. That’s right just seven innings.. Yankee's were getting spanked (glee for a Mets fan to watch the droves of Yankee faith full belittle the highest paid team in baseball), so we decided to leave before the rest of the stadium - to avoid being jammed onto the sub way.So back onto the train... Staring at the floor. I noticed this guys shoes. Very unusual. Looks like alligator or snake skin. Then I noticed this guys has cream colored plaid pants on. Bizarre.... So I finally glance up and take a look at this guy. Sort of well dressed, but sleazy at the same time. I also noticed the two women (girls?) sitting next to him. Neither one of them was really attractive, but overly done up and sort of scantily clad. Two completely different body types. One was very skinny; almost anorexic in appearance, like a toothpick with a wig and excessive makeup on. The other was sort of plump and curvy. I'm thinking -- is this dude pimpin'?? No way they are going out. I glanced at my watch. 9:50. A bit early to be going out. This dude has got to be pimpin'!!! They get off the train in the low 100's..NYC is a very strange town.. In a day you can see just about everything: Penn Station, MSG, Steinbrenner's money making empire, subway rats, and pools of water you can't help but wonder were they came from. You get to see all kinds of people too: everything from business people right down to the oldest profession in the world, with a rather large helping of your average John and Jane Doe in the middle, with a few modern day hippies thrown in for good measure.Guest QOTD from J.T. -"For all those men who say, "Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free". Here's an update for you. Nowadays 80% of women are against marriage, why? Because women realize it's not worth buying an entire Pig, just to get a little sausage." - Andy RooneyHope you don't have a case of the "Mondays", Dave/Milhouse, BA 
 urlLinkThis is Greenland from the plane on the ride back.I was hoping to get a view of Greenland and I couldn't have asked for too much better than this.
 urlLinkChris took this picture of a cathedral in Warwick through a hole in the walls of the castle in the same town.It appears to be one of the original holes they used to shoot arrows through against enemies.
 urlLinkI thought this turned out to be a good picture.Dusk came early in late November so we didn't get a chance to see as much in the daylight.
 urlLinkThis is the Spanish restaurant we ate at in Cambridge...I can't remember the name of it, but it was on one of the main thoroughfares.
 urlLinkGrandma didn't like this picture, but I'm posting it anyway.She does portray the look of a common English lady, I think, with her facial expression and bonnet-like hair cover.
 urlLinkMy cousin Andy and Grandma Marjorie making their way to the train.This was after an eventful rush through London's tube network getting my elderly grandmother onto and off of the lengthy escalators.
 urlLinkThe Lyceum Theatre where we saw the broadway show The Lion King (not to hard to figure out).The exterior is more impressive than the interior.
 urlLinkThis is a picture of one of the train stations in London.It is on the north side of the city and although I don't remember for sure, I think the station is called King's Crossing.
 urlLinkChicago O'hare is a very busy airport...
 urlLinkPlane (Boeing 777) we flew on to go to England. Nice. Comfortable. Recommended.
rlLinkCori and I made sure to get up with the sunriseone of the days we were out on the sea.This is shortly before getting to Cozumel. 
rlLinkCori doing some sort of funky chicken/lizard pose.She sure knows how to work the camera. 
rlLinkThe two Carnival cruise ships that pretty much match each other (the celebration and holiday).This is ported in Cozumel. 
rlLinkI thought I'd get a picture of the contrast between the Galveston bay water (brown) and the Gulf of Mexico water (blue-green).It gets even bluer as one gets further out on the sea. 
rlLinkThe bow of the ship with a worker playing guitar as the ship makes its way out into the Gulf of Mexico.The wind was unbelievable and the fact that I got a steady shot with the camera is even more unbelievable. 
rlLinkSome of the cranes used for unloading cargo in Galveston...pretty large contraptions. 
rlLinkCori in front of Galveston seaport before debarkation. 
rlLinkCori and I with steward's towel creations. 
I've streamlined my work process a little more today by reserving space on my desk for daily tasks and current tasks.It seems as though having my taskings in front of me makes a big difference in my ability to focus on the matter at hand. 
rlLink SSRN Author Page for Leslie Duram I'd like to point out that I compiled the map on the last page of this article although it has no citation. 
rlLink Yahoo! News - BOYCOTT THE MILITARY As a member of the armed forces (Air Force), I have to agree and disagree w/ Ted Rall's comments.True, the military doesn't hold as much honor as it did in WWII when it was fighting back the axis powers from their attempts to conquer the world, but it does present a very good alternate opportunity to many in this country.My four yrs. of active duty bought me a bachelor's degree at a state-funded university along w/ room and board in Illinois (where the veteran's benefits provide free tuition at state schools).The military is also one of the better options to provide structure and discipline to many whose lives have been consumed by drugs or poor upbringings.I personally would like to see an expansion of other volunteer services where these low-income kids (myself being one) can be taught valuable skills and services.The military just forces too many to compromise their convictions for an organization that flexes the U.S. government's illegit muscle all over the world. 
The threat and danger is terrorism, but an even greater threat and danger is many people's view of why terrorists want to attack us.Much has been written on this subject, but I'll try to offer a new perspective that I don't think has been touched on very much - certainly not in the mainstream media. First of all, many people like to form opinions on world events without knowing the whole story - How can you know the whole story when the media is going to filter out anything that's not going to be entertaining or capture interest?The whole story might include a child who got wounded in Iraq, but was on his way to thank American soldiersfor the goodthings they've done over there. Secondly, many people tend to rally around whatever is most acceptable or whatever boosts their pride...and pride, ah that dangerous trait that blinds us from the truth to boost self-interest.I've read in many places wherethe author writes that we've been attacked because the terrorists are jealous of our success, our liberty, our position, and so on.And many people, dare I say the majority of people, feel the same way.Where do they get this from?Is it written in the Al-Qaeda vision statement that "America will die because they have been successful and have more liberties than we do?"I think the reason they hate us might have more to do with how we've aided Israel militarily, how we've come into the Arabian peninsula to ensure our self-interests (there's that compound word again)aren't harmed, or how the CIA has recklessly gotten their hands in numerous government operations that favors our self-interest (there it is again, what is it about that word).It seems that interest in ourselves has left some middle-easterners angry because our self-interest is encroaching on their collective best interests. After saying all of that, I can conclude by safely saying that I am more frightened of many people's views onwhyterrorists attacked us rather than the actual terrorists themselves.Until these people can change their veiws and politicians and government can change their same view, we're going to be in trouble for a long time.
Nagarjuna’s Manmadhudu is an entertainer by all means. Nag has proved that he has a penchant for such genre of films and in the company of glamorous Sonali, the film is turning out to be a superhit. Though there are shades of Mel Gibson’s What Women Want, the thread has been reworked to suit the taste of the Telugu audience. Abhiram (Nagarjuna) is a handsome middle-aged man who works as an executive in an advertising agency. He is a misogynist. When his uncle and the chairman of the company (Tanikella Bharani) appoint Haritha (Sonali Bendre) as an assistant manager, all hell breaks loose. He tries to make life miserable for her, which results in Haritha submitting her resignation. In a flashback Abhi’s uncle tells her about how Abhi became a women hater. He was in love with a girl Maheswari (Anshu) who spurned him in the last moment due to certain compulsions. Since then he hated women and now uncle wants Haritha to fall in love with him. What happens next and will Haritha be able to succeed in her mission form the rest of this hilarious comedy. Though the story is wafer thin, the director has been able to package the film well with an innovative presentation. Nagarjuna and Sonali are excellent and have played their roles with conviction. The music of Devi Sri Prasad is hummable. The film is out to wallop some fun ‘n’ frolic. Manmadhudu, whose counterpart in English mythology is Cupid, strikes his victims with arrows piercing their hearts thereby causing them to fall deeply in love(Like my friend Kishore does) Well, our Charmer of Charminar, Nag, fits the bill perfectly as Manmadhudu. Paired with lissom lass Sonali , he hopefully is bound to strike our hearts leaving behind indelible impressions of love and joy.
I realised that something was fishy in missed call info thru SMS service of hutch . Consequently, I’ve come up with the following modus-operandi that I believe that Hutch could have been employing to trick & charge unnecessarily from their customers.1. The Base Station targets a cellphone at random, and so a person (lets call him/her as ’X’) trying to reach you is told that your phone is unavailable, even though you might have been available. 2. You receive the SMS that you’d missed call(s) in certain time duration. 3. You either delete the SMS and go on your way.... End of Story! But in case you reply to the SMS and get the information, chances are that you might call back X (and probably other people as well) too.Statistically speaking, even if 5 out of 10 people respond to the SMS and 2 out of those 5 make a call back, HUTCH makes a very neat profit. For numbers sake, assuming that transmission of the SMS from the Base Station is as cheap as 20 paisa and calling back to ’X’ consumes a talktime of Rs. 10 on average, the profits from this shady gimmick would come out to be around 30 rupees (5*2.00 + 2*10.00 - 10*0.20 - 5*0.20= 27.00) per 10 people. With consumer bases of a few lakhs, this (still quite a conservative estimate!) in actual would translate to pretty decent profits......It does sound wierd, but it is possible!Any Comments .....:)
" Interpreter of maladies" was very good , but not as earth-shatteringly excellent as i had expected it to be . 
so, i have stopped running for few months now . i used to hate running , thought it was boring and not fun.However , the past few months have changed my mind. i am trying to enjoy running for running's sake . 
This is my first blog. Let's see how this adventure goes.so today i saw movie "Yuva" in telugu directed by Maniratnam. The name of Maniratnam spells magic on celluloid screen.The narration and technique of this film is similar to that of acclaimed Mexican film, AMORES PERROS.The central point - students and youth should take more active role in politics for a better India - is not convincing.And a great scene at the end when the ‘student denim party’ enters state Assembly into a sea of white dress. Indeed, technically YUVA is brilliant 
rlLinkm&nbsp; urlLink
Mobile operators could become “the bankers of the future.” Mobile operators already have large subscriber levels, perform millions of billable transactions a day, and most importantly, are trusted. The foundations of mobile commerce are currently being laid and the market is expected to take-off within the next few years. Many people have an interpretation of what mobile commerce will entail, however few have a shared view. In many ways, your mobile subscription is already like a “bank” account for you – you have to manage and maintain your account with the mobile operator to continue receiving service. Extending your mobile subscription to enable the transfer of funds from your mobile phone account to another means that a mobile operator effectively becomes the middleman in a mobile payment transaction. Just like your bank offers you a debit or credit card when you open an account, mobile operators could use M2M payments to entice new subscribers and keep existing customers from straying. MORE TO COME ............ 
y first annual predictions for 2004.1. AMD finally one-ups Intel with Opteron processor . 2. Lord of the Rings: Return of the King wins best picture. 3. Google goes IPO and falters. 4. Patriots win superbowl. 5. Linux starts looking like another enterprise OS... is that good or bad? more to come
Internet made a lot of things easier to accomplish by eliminating friction. Here's one area which has received a great boost because of internet. Credit Card FRAUD. Unfortunately, when presented with a credit card number, name/address, and CVV - all of which match up - there's limited tools available for a business to ensure that there is no fraud. First you'd have to wonder how these fraudsters get such extensive information. Something has to be said for all businesses following the right processes to make things secure.But the root of these problems is different. What i would say is that the credit verification systems put in place need to be better. In their haste to participate in the internet boom, and opening credit card verification via the internet, VISA/Mastercard and other bigwigs seemed to have skipped some important steps. These decisions are now coming back to haunt internet transactions and cause businesses to spend huge amounts of dollars being defrauded or avoiding fraud. That's a big "charge" against these companies, however, here's what i would point to. In the 5-6 years since basic credit card verification on the internet has been implemented what advances were made? There's all this talk bout smart chips, card readers built into computers etc. However, they did not put enough muscle behind any initiative to make it successful.In the end, this is something that's going to come back to haunt the big networks.. Gave up security for ease of adoption.
It was mark twain who said "Reports of my demise are greatly exaggerated". I know it has been used way too frequently, but it is apt to use this quote again referring to "Middlemen" and internet.One of the many promises of Internet is that it allows the manufacturer and consumer to connect directly. A lot of the pundits, experts, visionaries were unanimously hasty in predicting how internet will be the demise of middlemen. Internet is going to bring efficiencies they said. It's going to eliminate the need for middlemen, create a direct distribution network, and thus reduce prices. Hutchison Essar Southwould not have dealerships they said - people would just buy the SIMs off the internet. Certainly, Cellular operators in Indiamight still need dealerships for users , but for other stuff, people won't need stores, distribution networks, no middlemen. In reality, internet ended up introducing more middlemen. None of the middlemen offline "went away". Manufacturers have their stores on line, they still have their distribution networks, and quite a few of the stores have online versions.Apart from these merchants, Several new kinds of middlemen emerged. In fact, with the advent of Pay-Per-Click (PPC), every webpage is turning into some kind of paid middleman. What do i mean by this?
As your distribution channels and transaction mix expand, the need for flexible fraud and anomaly tracking increases. One important use of the INFOLynx ANOMALYCenter Module is to combat fraud.ANOMALYCenter tracking lets you provide your customers with the benefit of identifying suspicious transaction trends on traditional and new transaction sets as they come on-line.The speed and accuracy by which you provide this information to your customers can add to product differentiation to the services you provide. The INFOLynx Anomaly Tracking Module also enables you to identify historical common points of origin for the anomaly transactions identified.This can prove crucial in identifying sources of irregularity and preventing reoccurrence.Each of the module’s functions provides issuers and acquirers of transactions leading edge tracking opportunities to identify and assist in the reduction of anomaly activity.Tools and methods allow you to develop detection schemes and research cardholder behavior patterns to eliminate loses and enhance profitability.You can establish and dynamically adjust how the Module identifies patterns of behavior. Databases containing transaction anomalies are then made available for analysis, distribution and further action.You and your customers receive the benefit of identifying and accessing unusual transaction information and trends
f we didn't have passwords just think how vulnerable we'd be. Your credit card details are littered all over the internet, stored every time you go shopping. Without passwords anyone could use your Amazon account... and they'd probably gift wrap everything too! Bank accounts, email, pretty much anything you care to mention. Surprising then that we're so slack with them. i did a bit of password prising.When it comes to online security your password is your first line of defence. So it's a shock how few of us keep our private passwords to ourselves. Using a computer security expert we went out on the street and were amazed at how many people will hand over their passwords to a complete stranger. What i saw was people giving their passwords to me, who they've never met before, which is a fundamental issue. If they'll give it to me then they'll give it to anybody. So some good advice for people in constructing or using passwords: first of all, try not to write it down anywhere because if it's in your top drawer or on your desk people will find it; secondly, try not to use things like your husband's name, wife's name or any other relative in your family,or the street you live in, because those are very easy to find."Make it easy enough to remember but make it a mixture of numbers and letters and potentially some random characters like !?#@ and so on."The English language is only 26 characters and there are only so many combinations of those characters. So because we're all using the same dictionary we can use numbers and special characters to make it a little bit more complex but there's a finite number of combinations and if you work hard enough at if you can break that password. The advantage of pictorial systems like Chinese or some other system based on pictures is that the combinations are infinite. Instead of remembering numbers and letters, which is the normal way for passwords, i have come up with a way of remembering a story instead, which is much easier for someone to remember than letters and numbers. As our deepest secrets go digital, choosing a good password becomes more important than ever, but many people don’t take their password security seriously enough. New technologies like biometrics will help, but the fact remains that if you want to keep your private information from prying eyes you must choose a password that’s hard to crack and then not say a word about it to anyone...
Look back over the past decade and it's clear the internet has changed communication and the availability of information beyond recognition. To many of us email and the world wide web have become a key element of our way of life. But what about the next ten years, what do they hold?what the next generation internet may bring.In thirty years we've travelled from a 'net that was a government sponsored research project with two machines, to a cyber universe of one hundred million computers, four hundred million users, and around six hundred billion webpages.Analysts are now envisioning the 'net quietly extending its tendrils into even more of the places we find ourselves each day - it's already available, or close, in cars and planes. And they claim the devices hooked up to it, and the code they use, will get a lot smarter. The computing power in effect will move out towards us. The example of building your own house is used - you'd be able to have a realtime, handheld, two-way video conversation with a carpenter on the techniques being used.Time for a bit of scepticism here though, isn't the whole idea of widespread wireless computing suffering from dire problems fromurlLink 3Gright down tourlLink Bluetooth . Many of these concepts also eat bandwidth, and the vast majority of us still see no sign of broadband access on the horizon at all.The scientific community is also very excited about The Grid, also known as Grid Computing. It's a way of creating virtual supercomputers by assembling computer resources online across the 'net as and when you need them. They're even re-writing theInternet ProtocolbyurlLink ietfthe nearly twenty year old language of the 'net. Version six will hopefully soon begin to replace the current version four, which is showing signs of strain.
In this ever more cashless society spending our hard-earned money means credit and debit cards. We use them everywhere, to help buy our shopping, our luxuries, our dreams. These days everyone has a flexible friend.There are 1.3 billion credit cards in use on high streets all over the world, they're part of our culture. But there is a darker side to shopping in the cashless society - last year, in Indiaalone, over 20 million dollars worth of transactions were illegally clocked up by fraudsters. And Now Indianbanks are now talking about a crisis of credit card fraud, with losses up 50% every year. Technology's making fraud easier, giving criminals new devices to play with. A pocket size skimmer costs just over 2000 dollars. It can read the numbers off your credit card in a single swipe. The technology to copy this information onto another plastic card is even cheaper. All that data flying around makes it very easy for the fraudsters.Fortunately though, crime fighting technology is also getting smarter and the credit card companies are fighting back .In 15 seconds, details of the transaction are sent to your card issuer where a complicated algorithm checks if anything looks unusual. Your transaction is now assigned a risk rating based on how likely it is to be fraudulent. If your bank decides this risk rating is acceptable, it authorises the payment and you get to walk of with your goods. Sometimes, then, big brother is on your side, but don't rely entirely that this monitoring will cut out fraud altogether. The internet has us all electronically shopping, and while it's as safe as the high street, you still need tostay sharp. 
A hole in older versions of Windows including 2000, Millennium and 98 could allow hackers to meddle with files stored on hard disks or web pages.Worm viruses could be altered to exploit his 'critical' security flaw in Windows. Microsoft says that anyone using Windows 2000, Me, 98, 98 SW or Windows NT 4.0 will need to download the update.Microsoft's security bulletin goes on to say that those at greatest risk are systems that run websites using Microsoft Internet Informatiion Services and anyone who browses the web using Internet Explorer.
Nine out of ten consumers are concerned about the security of their mobile device, according to a new study which is conducted in India .Consumers are concerned that the increasing sophistication of smart phones and PDAs has made them more vulnerable to security breaches including viruses, spam and hack attacks.According to the report they found that 88 per cent of consumers are concerned about mobile security, with 44 per cent having considerable or major concerns and it is estimated that 82 per cent of consumers would like the ability to block unwanted calls and two-thirds wanted to filter unwanted data from reaching their mobile phones. My Advice to all mobile users is as follows“Users need to treat their mobile devices in the same way they treat their PC, to remain suspicious of unknown SMS or email messages sent to their handsets and to only download content from a trusted source.”
ummary Biometrics are a security approach that offers great promise, but also presents users and implementers with a number of practical problems.Whilst some of these are technical, and possess technical solutions, however difficult they may be to implement, others are social and cultural.Social and cultural barriers are much more complicated to resolve, and need much more thought by would-be implementers as well as the manufacturers and suppliers before they will succeed. Culturally, one size does not fit all, and that may increase the cost and complexity of solutions. Introduction For some considerable time now the personal identification segment of the IT security industry has been trying to improve on the use of the identifier and password as the means of authenticating the user of an IT service.The problems of managing password based systems, their weaknesses, and the (now) classical ways of attacking or subverting such systems are well documented and need not be considered here.Many consider that such simple authentication measures need to be reinforced, and refer to multi-factor authentication, based upon: -a secret that you know (password); -something that you have (a token); -something that you are (a biometric ).In the IT world, probably the most commonly implemented method for token authentication is the SecureID token. (Smart cards for mass transit rail systems and telephone cards are more numerous, although they do not really authenticate the user.Possession of the token authorizes the holder to have a use.)The introduction of advanced security techniques such as public key cryptography (better known as PKI – public key infrastructure) has increased the need to be able to store secret information (a private key), because a user could never remember a randomly constructed password that long (RSA 2048 would require you to remember a mere 256 characters worth of information and be able to input it reliably!).The rapid increase in fraud, and in particular credit card fraud, is creating demands for greater security methods than magnetic stripe cards and handwritten signatures offer.This has seen many card issuers issue chip or smart cards which require a password (commonly a four digit PIN) before they can be used.However, these are by no means generally implemented.A spot check on the various cards in my pocket showed only 50% of the various bank/credit cards have chips, whilst none of the others have that facility. Why move to biometrics? The principle pressure to move to biometrics comes from two sources: the biometric industry and the finance industries.The finance industries are continuing to search for a cost-effective means of reducing fraud.If that means can also be used to prove who authenticated the financial transaction, or could ensure that only the authorized individual could make it, then so much the better.The biometrics industries clearly wish to see their commercial potential fulfilled.Since they form the ‘third pillar’ of the security authentication process, there is a logical requirement for their services if you need to improve the ‘quality’ of the security functionality of a system.Exactly how the ‘quality’ is improved in some mathematical calculation is less clear, although work has been done by the UK security agency CESG to consider how it might be represented.Overall, however, it is obvious enough that using more than one mechanism to authenticate a user is going to make the system stronger provided that the mechanism is effective and not related to any other mechanisms being used. Which biometrics? Biometrics are about measuring specific characteristics of a person, including:- voice; - handwriting; - fingerprint(s); - face; - retina of the eye; - iris of the eye.In an ideal world you want to choose a characteristic of a person that has helpful measuring characteristics such as:- unlikely to change; - likely to prove unique; - not invasive; - difficult to copy or steal and reproduce. Conclusions Biometrics offer a valuable approach to extending current security technologies that make it far harder for fraud to take place by preventing ready impersonation of the authorized user.However, in order to make use of biometrics we need to register users, a procedure that may be costly, and onerous for users, and we have to have a socially/culturally acceptable means of checking the biometric at the point of authentication.These problems may also give rise to the need for safeguards over the use of the biometric...Any Comments Are Appreciated.......... 
on 18th June 2004 ,I ,Kishore & Raja, went to watch movieurlLink LAKSHYAthe most awaited Bollywood flick . Lakshya is based on the 1999 Indian Army's skirmishes with pakistani intruders in the heights of kargil district in the restive state of Jammu and Kashmir.Through all the pre release hype ( including Hritik's "special" haircut for the film which created such a stir -- then !) Hritik fans finally get to see the film which they have waited for the past 3 years. Post the "goodwill" cricket matches, and the general goodwill which has been generated between both India and Pakistan by the BJP Government, this film seems a little outdated in spirit. The 1st question i want to ask is "Do we need any more Indo-pak conflict films ? "
For years Internet companies were competing fiercely against each other to earn the coveted Home Page slot on personal PC. But while that is still a highly desirable goal, most of the major players are now focusing on Instant Messaging as the main way to attract and keep their customers.In 1996 a little known Israeli company wrote a piece of software that quickly became one of the most downloaded programs on the web and revolutionized global communications. It enabled any two people anywhere to type to each other in real time.urlLink ICQwas a prototype Instant Messaging system that within 2 years had 11 million users and attracted the attention of internet powerhouse America Online who bought it outright in 1998 for $287 million. Since then scores of companies have produced similar products that can usually be obtained free of charge. Instant Messaging has a huge user base worldwide;urlLink AOLalone carries 2 billion messages every day and the IM software stays open on the desktop for an average of 6 hours a day. It's little wonder that all the big players have recently announced major upgrades to their IM services. It's become a huge market.urlLink Yahoo Messengerhas an estimated 19 million US users, and the demographics have changed dramatically in the last couple of years. urlLink Yahoo , like all IM developers, is trying to get more customers to stick around for longer. New offerings include integrated radio station feeds, characters that represent you whilst on line, customizable backgrounds, and 13 new emoticons.Here in country like Indiaa recent survey found that 40% of staff use IM but its use doesn't seem to be viewed with nearly as much suspicion as email. The study found that email is monitored by six out of 10 companies, but only a fifth concern themselves with the content of Instant Messages that are flying back and forth throughout the working day. So how worried should businesses be about the threat to their systems from IM? And as employees is it right to expect conversations to be tracked?
It has been estimated that Sai Baba, India's biggest spiritual leader, has up to 30 million devotees around the world.But increasing numbers of former followers are alleging he has sexually abused them or their families . Swamis, otherwise known as yogis or gurus, are the holy men of India, and part of ancient tradition. Sri Satya Sai Baba, 78, is based in Puttaparthi, near Bangalore in southern India. His distinctive 1960s orange robes and Afro hairstyle make him instantly recognisable. As the country's biggest "God-man" - a human being who declares himself divine - he professes to be the reincarnation of a Hindu God-man from the 19th Century. Sai Baba not only commands huge regular audiences at the local ashram (religious retreat) - where he performs countless "miracles" - he also boasts followers from more than 165 countries world-wide. Alaya, a former follower who claims he was sexually abused by the swami, says in the programme which was shown in BBC world: "I remember him saying, if you don't do what I say, your life will be filled with pain and suffering." In an intimate and powerful portrait, Alaya's family talks openly in an interview withurlLink BBCcorrespondent about how they feel they were betrayed and lot information can be obtained from the ling Given belowThe other side of saibabaBack in India, there are serious questions to be asked of politicians, who seem to have continuously ignored the problem. Indeed, some would say, the correct position for these politicians appears to be at the feet of Sai Baba. He certainly has friends in high places, and throughout the scandal, his popularity has remained intact. Has this "God-man" been wrongly accused or does his status mean he is immune to criticism?urlLink 
tep 1: Protect your finances Contact the fraud departments of each of the three major credit bureaus.Get a copy of your credit report, which is free to ID theft victims. Ask that your file be flagged with a "fraud alert tag" and a "victim's statement." That will limit the thief’s ability to open new credit accounts, as new creditors will call you before granting credit, generally. Insist, in writing, that the fraud alert remain in place for seven years, the maximum. Step 2: File a police reportYou will need a police report to dispute unauthorized charges and for any insurance claims. Be persistent; your local police department may suggest that this isn’t necessary, because they don’t want the paperwork hassle. Step 3: Close all compromised accounts The list may be wider than you realize. This includes accounts with banks, credit card companies and other lenders, and phone companies, utilities, ISPs, and other service providers... 
Internet gianturlLink Yahoo ! Inc. is fortifying its free e-mail service with 25 times more storage and freeing up millions of previously claimed e-mail addresses in an effort to thwart a looming threat from its increasingly disruptive rivalurlLink GoogleInc.Beginning Tuesday 15th June 2004 , all of Yahoo's free e-mail accounts will be upgraded to 100 megabytes, a move spurred by Google's plans to offer 1,000 megabytes of free storage through its Gmail service, which has remained in a test phase since early April.highly competitive marketplace and a happy news to all users who are using Yahoo! Mail ...
These days, it doesn't take a computer expert to become a hacker. There are over 30,000 hacking-oriented sites on the Internet, offering easy to use click-and-hack programs and scripts for anyone to download. These easily accessible hacking tools have opened the door for a multitude of new exploits.The first big-name hackers include Steve Wozniak, Bill Gates and Linus Torvalds, all now highly recognizable names behind many of the computer technologies used today. These early hackers had a love of technology and a compelling need to know how it all worked, and their goal was to push programs beyond what they were designed to do.The objectives of early hackers are a far cry from the goals of today's hacker. The motivation of the new breed of hackers appears not to be curiosity, or a hunger for knowledge, as it used to be. Instead, most of today's hackers are driven by greed, power, revenge, or some other malicious intent, treating hacking as a game or sport, employing the tools that are readily available via the Internet. To help combat these threats of hacking , your enterprise needs an in-depth defense across the gateway, server, and client. There are many different types of threats in today's environments and many security appliances are deployed to address a subsection of these.something besides the growth of the Internet is driving the rise in security attacks.............. 
The text advertising links are ubiquitous and a large percentage of these websites are turning into middlemen, including this blog. Take a look at the text links on the top - I am trying to get in the middle of the clickstream that pays. Some sites are even less scrupulous than the googles and yahoos. They don't seperate out the advertising links from content links or they attempt to put together "content" for the purpose of driving clicks to paying partners. I don't know much about this company but i'd venture guessurlLink http://.PriceScan.comis one of them. They do call themselves "unbiased" and have a nice page of principles. They say Q: Are vendors required to pay a fee to be listed in the shopping guide?A: At Pricescan we believe that consumers should have access to unbiased reporting on products and prices. It seems obvious to us that if a price guide restricts its listings to those vendors who have paid to be included, then its database more accurately reflects the source of its revenue, not necessarily the best products at the lowest prices. Atpricescan we accept no money from any vendors for listing their products and prices. Notice how they said that they don't get paid for listing. With the magic of PPC you can get paid for driving traffic, even though you never told the customer that you are going to get paid for that click. Of course, PriceSCAN may be a bunch of scrupulous nice guys, and they indeed don't get paid PPC. My point is that there are a lot of less scrupulous folks out there and there's a lot of PPC advertising masquarading as content. Interesting Isn't It ..... urlLink 
In my personal opinion, cheating is going to happen in onlinegames . here i took the example of poker game , but from the actual poker provider itself is pretty hard to believe. many sites who host Poker gamesmay have some problems, but I'm sure even they know that rigging the deck would be the absolute worst thing they could do to shoot themselves in the foot. There already exists out there a number of poker tracking software that generally keep track of your individual poker play. I'm sure some sophisticated players who have the capability have written their own for that matter. These can be aggregated into a database format that can be summarily used to analyze deck shuffles and hand probabilities. Although most players would never play enough to make a case for statistical deviance, professional players would definitely notice an errant deviation in deck shuffles with their trackers.For instance, to hit a flush draw with there are two to your suit showing, the probability is around 35%. In essence, the chance of the board having three to a suit fall is around 35%. Through tracking software, one can easily notice over 10,000 hands (what a professional probably plays in a month) any deviations in flushes. If flushes are falling 36% of the time, that's probably just a random blip. 37% and that's a big blip. If we get near 40% then there's definitely something to be looked into. Seeing how a pro player would have a database easily reaching into the hundreds of thousands of hands, they would definitely be able to judge the randomness of the deck (if they were technially able to run reports against their own data).i having a little a computer background, I have a good knowledge of how most software applications are written and how server software operates. My assumption would be that Poker sitesonly sends to your computer data about the board and your hand. Only at showdown does it actually send data about other players to your computer. Sending the data for each player would be a completely insane approach in terms of security- and any good programmer would know not to write a server in this fashion. There is also close to a zero perecent chance of being able to send data to online poker servers that would have you magically win a hand or get cards of your choosing. It would take deliberate coding on the part of the online sites to have this happen- and again, it would not be in their best interests (or so we hope). Any Comments Appreciated 
Most current password systems for the Internet are flawed. Designs that were almost acceptable 10 and 15 years ago have not been updated. Instead of moving to integrating authentication services under a cryptographically sound approach the IT industry has continued to proliferate multiple incompatible systems. Users are increasingly exposed by suppliers who feel no pressure to do anything better. There are parallels with the situation where web site page design methods are increasingly being rejected by security software because they represent known security weaknesses that have been exploited by hackers and viruses.IntroductionThe approach to using a log on identifier and password goes back to the early days implementing security on mainframe systems. This kind of security was introduced as soon as it was possible for people outside the computer room to be able to use computer resources. Up until then access was controlled by physical security.Passwords were short (6 characters). They were short because the ID would be disabled if the password was entered three times incorrectly. They were also short so you didn’t have much to type and would likely get it right. They were short because it gave you less to remember.Initial design considerationsExperience with short passwords soon threw up a series of flaws for user implementation. In no particular order these included:using a ‘standard’ word such as boss, master, doall, passwd; using a dictionary word or the name of the business; using repeating letters or numerals (AAAAAA, 111111 and so on).Six characters were also found to be just about short enough for someone to watch and remember whilst the user typed them in.Technical design problemsEarly password systems restricted user choice to upper case and numerals, thus giving the attacker a much reduced space of attack (the permutations and combinations of valid input data). Later systems used upper and lower case and this improved things a bit in terms of the number of attempts the attacker had to make before he could find it by ‘brute force’ (still not all eight bits of each byte since not everything is on the keyboard).educate users into using passwords successfullyThe first thing to remember is that the length must be proportionate to the overall security requirement. If a ‘three strikes and you’re out’ system combined with a token of almost any kind is in use you can live with a 4-digit PIN. If there are multiple systems then a single long password could be used as a system enabler for all services.Choosing long passwords is not the daunting prospect that so destroys choosing short passwords. Natural language is now to be preferred since it must be memorable. But the expression of the natural language must be left to the capricious nature of the user. By way of some examples of longer passwords, one could consider the following“redcarpet*”, “Knight(soil)” or “aapka**naam”. Other examples that could work include, “1066nuvvucheyyi”, “Hangthe****donkey” or “Now is the time forall women”. This last one is a quotation, but it’s still hard to guess or attack, especially if you don’t know where the spaces are! These kinds of passwords are proof against any dictionary attack, and, provided they are not changed often, users are more likely to choose something difficult and unique. Another handy feature is that they are slightly harder to share with friends since there is so much more to remember. Never forget the real purpose The password, as we use it today, is more often than not the ‘secret’ that unlocks systems capabilities or grants authorizations (including access control). In future services it will be used to authorize cryptographic secrets, most likely held in software, and then later in hardware. These ‘keystores’ may hold various secrets, perhaps even including other passwords that are transparent to the user. Where infinite retries are possible, the use of short passwords will represent a significant, and avoidable weakness which designers may one day be called to account for.Ultimately, the real purpose of a security system is to try and make the user’s life easy whilst making the attacker’s life difficult. Systems that ignore the user are going to fail with the very community they are supposed to serve.Whenever users cannot manage the systems they are given an advantage is being given to the attacker because they will exploit those aspects of the system first. Similarly, a poorly designed system will fail and will compromise the very users it is supposed to protect. Poor design is much harder to fix than bad coding or errors in implementation. 
SummaryInternet fraud should be addressed as two specific issues: fraud that uses Internet technology as an integral part of the fraud; fraud that is already taking place by other means and the Internet is merely another method of delivery.New Internet environment crimes may exist, such as defrauding machines or causing business harm by denial of service or virus attacks, and these will require social and legal steps to address them.However, the Internet has provided the fraudster with access to a significantly bigger market than ever before and effort will be required to create an environment where fraud is resisted by design rather than by insurance. IntroductionInternet fraud is said to be big business.But what is it, and does using the Internet create the fraud, or is the Internet just a different way of delivering ‘traditional’ fraud.Fraud is essentially persuading someone of something with intent to deceive, perhaps with criminal intent.The deceit may be to persuade you to part with money, goods, services, rights or information.For the purposes i am not going to examine methods of fraud, but look at the general techniques, how they are applied, and how, if at all, the Internet can be used to make those techniques easier for the criminal to use either to carry out a fraud or to escape detectionGeneral techniques of fraudThe key to fraud is to persuade you that something is real, when in fact it is not.Once you accept that the fake is real then the fraud can take place - whatever it is.Whether you are buying the Taj Mahal or charminar in hyderabad(both are real and have been seen by millions of people - and have been regularly ‘sold’) the essence is to believe the proposal that is put to you.Other types of fraud essentially persuade you to do something in the (wrong) belief that it should be done, or to accept something in settlement that proves to be without the value you were led to believe. But they all come back to the same thing - the fraudster has to persuade you that his vision of the world is the correct one.How does the Internet map to the real worldThe Internet is rather different.The biggest problem for the Internet user is that there is no physical reference to use. You can’t go to a physical bookshop at www.amazon.com.You have to believe what the computer tells you, and that is the start of the problems.We have many practical examples where people get the physical world wrong - they put their bank cards into fake ATMs and enter their PINs, they tell their friends and children their passwords (sometimes in public), they sign up to ‘get rich quick’ deals with people they don’t know - so how well are we set up to handle the Internet world, where web sites are just exactly as good as their designer intended?The practical answer is just barely.The Internet is marketed as an anonymous zone.Information is free and users are anonymous.Now some of those features are desirable.When you go into a store it is the store that has to tell you who they are.If you pay with cash they will never know who you are and none of your legal rights are affected.They give you a receipt and you can check any of the details and get corrections made on the spot.If you want credit you have to tell them more about you, but not necessarily very much.The Internet, by comparison, is anonymous whether you are the seller or the customer.For the seller it is as anonymous as they want to make it. This, of course, might be thought of as attractive to a fraudster. ConclusionsInternet fraud has two distinct strands to it.One results from the differences between doing business in the physical world and the dematerialized world of the Internet.This gap has been accentuated by the ‘world of the Internet’ to the point where the user has no conventional reference points.This leaves the user ill placed to make adequate judgments of any kind, not merely about security and the possibility of fraud.The other results from technical inadequacies in the infrastructure used by the service providers.Lack of clear regulation has allowed registration practices to develop that are not acceptable anywhere else for doing business. Previously available security mechanisms have been implemented in ways that fail to protect the user and which require, if followed, unreasonable user effort and significant user education.Mechanisms such as the law may be able to provide some assistance, but care needs to be taken that the law is not used as an excuse for inadequate business practices.It would be sensible to ensure that a duty of care to implement best practice is included in legislation to expose any who have failed to protect themselves, their shareholders or their customers.Self regulation is another essential approach, but it must avoid becoming all self and no regulation if it is to carry real conviction to a suspicious user community, and its practices must be clear, obvious and understandable to the ordinary man.The paper world has already done this so wheel re-inventing is not required.The introduction of new technologies places responsibilities upon their implementers.The developers have a responsibility to get it technically right.The implementers have a responsibility to deal with its social and cultural dimensions, and cannot stand back and ignore these.Professional web site design carries a great deal more responsibility than merely sorting out key words, search terms and a site map.More to come on this Topic
I attempted here to share some knowledge which could be useful to the BPO community. I will list questions even if i don't have answers for them. Hopefully, one of you will respond to those queries. Please do feel free to correct/improve my knowledgeBase on BPO in India.What are the pros & cons of outsourcing to third party vendors?What are the pros & cons of outsourcing to a captive centre?What are the current salaries in the BPO world in India?UPDATEDCustomer Care Representatives [CSRs]: Rs 8,000 - Rs 15,000 per monthTeam Leaders: Rs 17,000 - Rs 26,000 per monthManagers: Rs 3 lacs - Rs 5.5 lacs per annumTraining Heads: Rs 8 lacs - Rs 12 lacs per annumTraining Managers: Rs 5 lacs - Rs 8 lacs per annumTrainers: Rs 2 lacs - Rs 5 lacs per annum Specialized ITeS professionals who posses MBA, BE, B.Tech, C.A. [CPA] and other expert qualifications or experience may be paid higher salaries depending upon the expertise required for the desired work profile and their level of experience. Frankly, this doesn't apply to just BPO field but to all fields. Besides the salary employees are paid incentives depending upon attendance regualrity, achievement of targets. Don't be surprised if the incentive exceeds the salary! Note: Rs 1 lac = Rs 100,000 What is the job growth in the BPO sector when compared to other sectors? Industry New Employees PeriodTelecom 10,000January-December 2002IT Enabled Services 50,000April 2002 - March 2003Software Services 30,000April 2002 - March 2003Retailing/Franchising 35,000April 2002 - March 2003 analysis on Indian ITES sector?StrengthsHighly skilled, English-speaking workforce.Cheaper workforce than their Western counterparts. According to Nasscom, The wage difference is as high as 70-80 percent when compared to their Western counterparts.Lower attrition rates than in the West.Dedicated workforce aiming at making a long-term career in the field.Round-the-clock advantage for Western companies due to the huge time difference.Lower response time with efficient and effective service. WeaknessesRecent months have seen a rise in the level of attrition rates among ITES workers who are quitting their jobs to pursue higher studies. Of late workers have shown a tendency not to pursue ITES as a full-time career.The cost of telecom and network infrastructure is much higher in India than in the US. OpportunitiesTo work closely with associations like Nasscom to portray India as the most favoured ITES destination in the world.Indian ITES companies should work closely with Western governments and assuage their concerns and issues.India can be branded as a quality ITES destination rather than a low-cost destination. ThreatsThe anti-outsourcing legislation in the US state of New Jersey. Three more states in the United States are planning legislation against outsourcing Connecticut, Missouri and Wisconsin.Workers in British Telecom have protested against outsourcing of work to Indian BPO companies.Other ITES destinations such as China, Philippines and South Africa could have an edge on the cost factor. 
1. Tell me about yourself. 2. What do you know about our organization? 3. Why do you want to work for us? 4. What can you do for us that someone else can't? 5. What do you find most attractive about this position? What seems least attractive about it?6. Why should we hire you? 7. What do you look for in a job? 8. Please give me your defintion of [the position for which you are being interviewed]. 9. How long would it take you to make a meaningful contribution to our firm? 10. How long would you stay with us? All these questions are very general. It's pretty easily to provide canned answers to these types of questions. It certainly won't give you a lot of insight into a candidate's technical or project management skillsOne technique I find effective in interviews is to pick a recent project on their resume and ask them to explain it to you in detail. Keep asking questions, diving in deeper and deeper. Using this technique,i believe any one can quickly determine their level of skill, depth of knowledge, and whether they actually did what they claimed to have done. Even if you know nothing about the topic, it's very hard for someone to cover up their own lack of knowledge under this kind of questioning. "How would you move Mount Fuji?"An excellent book on how Microsoft's HR dept quizzes you.:)
It's the eternal conundrum, how do Team leaders get their teams to perform at higher levels and how do they maintain a level of high morale. It always amazes me how leaders point the finger at their people and talk about them as if they are the problem or an entity unto themselves responsible for all failings within the department. It is a brave leader who will look at themselves first and ask some very powerful yet disturbing questions such as: 1.What have I done in the past that worked?2.What's going on with me right now and am I bringing enthusiasm to the workplace?3.Am I being realistic in my expectations and have I communicated them to my team?Eight Ways to Motivate Your Call Center TeamMany leaders are put into their positions with little or no training and they are doomed to fail. The assumption most employees make is that because you are the leader you should know how to manage personalities and motivate. This couldn't be further from the truth. People skills are just that, a skill that is developed through training, application and experience. Let's face it, in a highly functioning team environment there exists a high level of accountability all the way around. What I am saying is that we leaders be willing to look at ourselves and what we have control over. Here are 8 things you can do to motivate your teams:1. Look in the mirror.Are you waking up with enthusiasm and excitement about your work? Have you set goals for yourself and your team? Or are you just punching a time clock like the rest of them and it's all you can do to not fall asleep with boredom or scream out loud with frustration. What do you need to be more excited and enthused? If you are not excited and energetic it is not fair to expect your team to bring the same to the table.2.Take a retreat.Step away from the work environment for a day or if possible two. Go to a 2-day management seminar or retreat and re-fuel, re-group and re-energize so that you can bring a fresh attitude and approach back to your team. Many leaders are suffering burnout and they are not able to be creative with their solutions. Signs of burnout are: lethargy, apathy and negativity just to name a few.3.Take a pulse.Do an assessment of your team dynamics. List all of your team members on a piece of paper and beside each person's name indicate the level of performance you feel they are currently at, what you feel they are capable of and where the gap in performance exists. Then think about how you have approached this person in the past in regards to performance improvement and what you can do differently this time with them to have them hear you in a new and different way. 4.Tell them what you want.Have a team meeting and tell your team that you want to brainstorm ideas on how to create higher levels of motivation and morale. Be willing to hear all ideas and as a group have them prioritize the ideas and then delegate the action items. Be willing to do something yourself to show your commitment to the goal of higher motivation and morale. 5.Do a 360.It is a brave leader who willingingly has his/her teams assess them as leaders. The 360 degree performance evaluation system does just that. It allows for employees to evaluate their leaders and to provide sound feedback on how their leader can improve. Tell your team you want their opinions and input on how you can be a better leader. Be open and willing to hear the good with the bad and sometimes the ugly. Then do something with the feedback- communicate back to your team what you are going to do as a result of the feedback. 6.Coach regularly.Statistics show that leaders who have a coaching plan in place for their employees have less absenteeism, higher productivity and overall higher morale. It makes sense doesn't it? Spend quality one on one time with your employees on a regular and rotating basis and they begin to perform at higher levels due to ongoing personal attention and validation. Coaching prevents bad behavior and negative attention methods by employees. 7.Praise in public- criticize in private . There is nothing that replaces pure praise. Employees surveyed stated that they value recognition above pay raises by their leaders. We often undervalue the power of praise and we may even feel that if they are doing a good job they should know that we think they are great. Some leaders feel that giving praise all the time is hard work and that employees requiring it are high maintenance. The rules of giving effective praise are: praise specific behaviors or results, be sincere, make it timely when the event happens and when possible make it public. 8.Be a psychologist.Adapt to the different personalities of your team. You already know your people to a high level and yet we tend to overlook the unique emotional needs that each individual has. Treat them as they want to be treated and be willing to see things from their perspective. Openly communicate and be willing to share yourself with your team. You can't be everyone's friend however you can be accessible, open and trustworthy. Teams who have an understanding and compassionate leader tend to be more loyal and can weather ongoing change at higher levels. Often we feel that we just need to throw money or perks towards our teams to keep them happy. This is an erroneous belief and it has been found that truly what people want is to have open communication, straightforward and direct leadership and an easygoing environment to work within. Sounds good doesn't it?Any Comments ........... 
Will the Outsourcing Trend continue to survive with falling training standards? What's the bottom line? Call Center Employers will regret slashing their 2003 training budgets to save a few dollars. For a small investment, employers can protect themselves and save hundreds of thousands of dollars in costs. Below are the top four training blunders that many employers make and later regret.Blunder #1: We distribute training policies and that's all we need to do.Distributing a company/induction/training policy is not sufficient to show workforce that a company has met its legal obligation to train its workforce and create a educated work-environment. Also, line managers - the people in the trenches and making your daily employment decisions - are your best hope of creating a energetic & learning workplace. Therefore, it is very important to train your management staff so they can "spot the issue," recognize a situation involving a issue and seek help from HR.Blunder #2: We're fine since we had training six months ago.In order to use training as a defense tool, companies must verify that each and every worker received training. All companies experience turnover and absenteeism problems, which undermine training effectiveness. Therefore, companies should receive written or electronic training verifications and audit those verifications ANNUALLY to ensure legally defensible training. Compliance training loses significant value if you're not able to present tracking information and documentation showing that each of your workers received annual training. Also, many employers experience the all too common scenario where they know they provided training, they know the employee likely attended the training - but they cannot prove it for lack of documentation. Don't make that same mistake.Blunder #3: We have an HR assistant conduct training workshops. A company needs to rely on the quality and effectiveness of its training. Otherwise, why do it? Using an in-house trainer can be difficult if the person lacks expertise or credibility within the organization. The trainer must be a senior executive or an outside professional to gain the respect and attention of the training participants. Also, companies should have a qualified expert conduct the training - a person who can also provide training testimony in the event the training is ever legally challenged.Blunder #4: I only want in-person training rather than Web-based and I can't afford it this year . A blended learning solution (combining in-person and Web-based) is the most comprehensive and effective training solution. However, some Web-based programs can also be an effective stand-alone solution.. For example, in-person training costs about 4000 to 5000 per person just for the training. That does not account for ancillary expenses such as travel costs, staff costs or lost productivity/opportunity costs. In contrast, Web-based training can cost as little as 3000 per person, without any hidden costs. As we are in middle of year 2004, we need to devote energy and resources to our employees more than ever before in order to maintain a productively workplace amidst this recession and the poor morale pervading the marketplace
Like it or not, the outsourcing era is here to stay. One can safely say that at present, outsourcing to India is one of the best ways for a company in a developed nation to cut development and maintenance costs, and yet stay on the competitive edge. Already, anywhere from one-half to two-thirds of all Fortune 500 companies are outsourcing to India.'Outsourcing to India: The Offshore Advantage' is an easy-to-read-and-follow book, which you can read at One Go, as the chapters follow a logical progression of steps required to work with an outsourcing partner in India. Alternatively, you can have this book as a handy guide to India and outsourcing to India and refer to it as when you need to clarify critical points and issues. The book is divided into three main heads;1.Introduction to India2.The Outsourcing Industry in India and3.How to Organise the Outsourcing Process. The first section provides the reader with a summarized, yet comprehensive view of India. They include a brief history of the country, contemporary Indian politics, culture and food, travel in India, and also address any security concerns a traveler might have.The second section deals with the outsourcing drivers like government policies, technology and corporate strategy, the major industry players and the BPO market in India, the ownership models and players, major outsourcing locations, and industry associations and research bodies. In the third section, Kobayashi-Hillary touches upon outsourcing objectives, India as an outsourcing destination, research ratings, outsourcing flavours, success criteria vendor selection, legal contracts and arrangements, culture and communication and employee transition and exit management. There is also a political map of India at the end of the book. The book is a step-by-step "how to" guide that takes the reader through the entire process of outsourcing and is written in such a clear and easy-to-understand style that begs to be read. The chapter and section headings alone are worth the price for anyone who needs an outsourcing checklist. 'Outsourcing to India: The Offshore Advantage' differs with other outsourcing books already in the market in that it provides a comprehensive understanding of the country, rather than just focusing on the business aspect of outsourcing. Also, the book is written from the author's personal experience and several years of research in India, and includes many anecdotes, incidents and experiences that make it very interesting to read. All in all, 'Outsourcing to India: The Offshore Advantage' definitely makes for a valuable handbook and a 'Bible-like' manual for anyone considering outsourcing to India, or even for someone remotely interested in the subject.
The infrastructure required depends upon if you are setting up a voice based call center or just a backend operation for your client. For e.g. if you are processing the payroll for your client in the U.S. chances are you really don't need an IPLC line from your facility to your client in the US. However, if you are answering the inbound calls from US then you require an IPLC line.Few important components of setting up a call center are1.IPLC (International private leased circuit) lineDialer2.CTI (Computer Telephony Integration) - This is the system used for the Screen pop ups as soon as the call is transferred to an agent. The pop up gives the details of the caller, information required & the product details as required by the caller. The info on the pop up screen can vary depending on the settings made. It is optional for a call center.3.ACD (Automatic call distribution) - the calls are automatically transferred to the agents who are idle. This may be skill based distribution or general transfer of calls. It is the must for a call center.4.IVR (Interactive Voice Response) - this enables customers calling a contact center to use voice commands to retrieve the information they require without ever speaking to an agent. This basically helps to reduce the man power cost.5.Voice logger - This logs the conversation of all agents which can be used to check the quality of all agents.6.MUX - Used to connect the IPLC at both the ends. Now a days most of the call centres are migrating to IP network, hence usage of the MUXs are minimal and routers are needed to connect the IPLC on both ends of the link.7.Call Centre Management Software - Software to manage the calls & reporting8.LAN Cabling - This is also referred as backbone. Any comments are Appreciated .....
Being a Hyderabadi, I have been to most of the eateries in the city. Once such place I would like to frequent is Chutney’s, . I tried `Steamed Dosa’ here. And believe me, it left me craving for more! From the menu, I could see that this dosa has been customized forChiranjeevi , a leading Telugu actor. The menu also features that the Steamed Dosa is cooked in Japanese style without using any oil. It takes less than 10 minutes by the time they prepare and serve you this dosa. On weekends, it may take a few more minutes. The dosa is served with a palatable selection of four different types of chutneys and sambar. If you are someone who usually avoid oily foods and wish to try something different for breakfast, go ahead and indulge yourself with this rare catch. Such is the popularity of the Steamed Dosa at Chutney’s that you find gourmets dropping into the eatery and relishing it even at the lunchtime. The chutneys and sambar (both are non-spicy) truly complement the quality of Steamed Dosa. Another impressive feature of this restaurant is that they serve water in copper glassesMore To Come ....... 
rlLink ’’Love begins with a smile,grows with a kiss and ends with a tear’’MY REVIEW ON BOOK : A Walk To Remember No one could have explained it better other than Nicholas Sparks in his book ’’A walk to remember’’..A walk to remember is the story of Landon Carter:A teenager of 17 years,the son of prominent Congressman who is seldom at home.Always upto some mischief,he has all the traits that an adolescent boy would.He’s never thought about his future,does not possess any extraordinary talents that he could boast of,or be of use to him. A young boy who never thought that he would fall in love at 17 years,a love which would last him through his life.. This is the story of Jamie Sullivan:Daughter of a Baptist minister,she is a sweet,shy ,homely,young girl who always holds her deceased mother’s Bible to her heart,who willingly volunteers at a local orphanage,loves to go to church,loves to help people...a girl who changes a 17 year old boy’s life..forever..No one would have guesses that they will fall in love..with each other.This is their story..a case of opposites attract..or destiny.. Landon surprises himself by asking Jamie to be his partner to their homecoming school dance as he finds himself without a date.He bears the brunt of the comments of his friends as Jamie is not exactly the kind of girl one would ask out on a date..It could have ended right there,but he soon finds himself enjoying the company of this docile girl with her talks about God,and the children at the orphange..With a little prodding from her,he finds himself going to the orphanage ,collecting funds and even inviting her over to dinner..At last realization strikes ,They’re in love..but just as things are going well,the youngsters find themselves facing a crisis that threathens to ruin the best thing that has happened to the both of them..A walk to remember reminds us of the old rule that love abides by..Love strikes when u least expect it..
True!! very very true. Life seems too beautiful. But here!! no one is here for some social service. No one loves you just because you need some one to love. Some one loves you because they need something.One can not force some one to love us. But one should be lovable, so that some one love us. How can one be lovable? One should learn to love their self, Here Loving self is not being selfish.
Every one feels “she is the one”. Every one says Love is blind. Is really love blind. No!! Love is not blind but it is a deal. My friends say they are madly in love with some girl. How is that girl? A woman with sharp features,fair, with good qualification, Good Job with many other feature.Then I said my friend "you don’t like a main system, you just love the accessory". Even I may not be exception here.So I question myself. Is there exist real love? No Love. Everything is requirement. If Love exist then why don’t we fall in love with some one who is less blessed than us. Why this filter?Other day I was discussing with my friend on the subject of women & equality in job opportunity. My friend said "Men should be given preferences.If Men get a job one family survives, If female no much help. Look men are ready to marry unemployed female. Are female willing to marry unemployed men. They look for more qualified person". .Female blog readers don’t beat me up. It is a fact. Apple is an Apple. I have guts to accept...........
Having laid about 85,000 kms of optical fibre network, Reliance Infocomm has started its broadband operations with the launch of Digital Electronic News Gathering service that enables TV channels to broadcast quality news video from a remote location to the studio directly.Various TV channels, including CNBC and Rajat Sharma-promoted India TV, are using our DENG service for broadcasting at a fraction of the cost compared to traditional methods of broadcasting.At present, six channels including CNBC are using it to transfer part of their outstation content to their studios...
E.C. Thomas writes about - India's Dominance in the outsourcing industry. He also writes about the outsourcing competition and controversy surrounding it. The extract covers the growth of outsourcing in India:The BPO sector in India has been growing at almost 60 to 70 per cent per annum. According to NASSCOM, the projected revenue of the BPO industry in India is expected to touch US $ 12 billion in 2006. This is a nearly four-fold growth from the 2003-04 revenue estimates of around US $ 3.6 billion. The number of jobs increased from 140,000 at the end of March 2003 to a projected 245,000 in March 2004, according to Nasscom’s ‘Strategic Review 2004’. This could rise almost five times in the next five years. Each day nearly 200 people join the Indian ITES – BPO industry. BPO is a specialized form of international trade in services, based on the doctrine of comparative advantage in international trade. Today, companies outsource to destinations like India because they see value in their investments in terms of quality service and financial spending. By outsourcing to quality and lower cost operations, these companies are able to lower overhead costs, compress time-to-completion with efficient time difference management and focus on core competencies. There are many clear instances of such advantages to companies over a short time-frame. Likewise, banks and financial institutions will not send their data to these countries, unless they are sure of the credentials. As pointed out in the McKinsey Institute study, the US economy benefits in outsourcing in more ways than one. One estimate says that the General Electric (GE) which employs 18,000 workers in India, saves $ 350 million per year through outsourcing. In all, $ 8 billion has been saved in the USA through outsourcing. A NASSCOM report estimated 60 per cent savings in costs for companies outsourcing to India. There exist 185 Fortune 500 companies which outsource work to India. Information Technology Enabled Services (ITES) provides opportunities for MNCs to reap the surplus in the service sector that did not exist earlier. The companies engaged in production of value-added services, from medical transcriptions to software programming, require skilled labour which countries like India have in abundance. In fact, Indian call centres have a higher productivity as compared to those in the USA or UK. According to NASSCOM, an Indian call centre agent makes on an average 98 correct transactions, as compared to 95 by an agent in the UK. Besides, the Indian makes 120 transactions an hour, while his British counterpart makes only 100. However, efficiency does not always mean higher pay. A worker’s basic salary in the USA is $ 63,000 per annum, while it is $ 5,850 in India and $ 4,750 in China for the same job. 
ricket no longer depends on crowds for revenue. There is sponsorship and television rights that fill the coffers. But even a television viewer feels the absence of crowds. It makes the telecast flat and to raise the volume of sound effects is not the same as catching the actual cheering........ 
Two people. Entirely different. Yet have something in common. Unable to accept the affinity openly. Unable to hide it too. But good relationships are not discriminated by color, race or sex. Point exemplified. Very well indeed. Morgan Freeman as Hoke, an african-american and the chauffeur for Ms. Daisy (Jessica Tandy), an American Jew who is reluctant to have him as one. Their loneliness and the circumstances lead them to a 25-year long warm relationship. Crafted beautifully, this masterpiece is a drama as well as a melodrama. Expressing a serious problem (racism) in an intended comedy is not a joke, and Alfred Uhry - the playwright has done it carefully and effectively. Hans Zimmer's music gives a boost to the film. Inspite of the four academy awards (including Jessica Tandy as Best Actress), I am sure Morgan Freeman also deserved one for his performance. A must-see if you like dramas.
Andhra Pradesh is getting big on news.In the Telugu regional language broadcast space, 2004's big media story is likely to be that by year-end Andhra will have the distinction of being the state with the highest number of dedicated news channels - five of them in all. While at first reading, this might appear a perfect recipe for collective disaster, that's not the way the players who have set forth plans for entering the arena see it. According to their reasoning, the advertising potential that news offers in Telugu hasn't been fully exploited as yet and there is enough room to grow. Another thing is that with the new digital technologies that have come in, operational costs of running a news channel have significantly reduced. Last but not least, there is the Telugu speaking diaspora across the globe that is thirsting for news from their home state, is the perceived wisdom behind the flurry of Telugu news channel activity.But before examining the subject in detail, some history. On 28 December 2003,Eenadu Television ( ETV )launched Andhra's first 24-hour Telugu infotainment channel ETV2 with a thrust on news. Just over a month later (1 February 2004 to be precise), 24-hour "pure" news channel TV9 started beaming.Reports suggest that TV9 has received Rs 150 million as funds from venture capitalist Srini Raju's i-Labs Associated Fund and the Chennai-based Unify Wealth Management.Now there are three other players getting set to move in on this turf. There is of course the big daddy --- Chennai-based Sun TV network --- that is making moves to beat the competition from archrival ETV and TV9. Sun TV will be launching its Telugu news channel Teja News (tentative title) and a local cable television channel Gemini Cable Vision, which, while not being strictly a news channel, will have a high emphasis on news via regular bulletins.While Teja News will be ready by September 2004, Gemini Cable Vision will take another four months after that to launch. Right now, Sun enjoys visibility in Telugu with Gemini (Andhra's top rated channel which is devoted to soaps) and Teja TV (an infotainment channel).Sun's Tamil competitor Raj TV, which has its Telugu presence in Vissa TV, will be launching its Telugu news channel Vissa News by December 2004. Come September and two-year-old Maa TV network also will unleash its news channel.With news channels galore, TV9 CEO V Ravi Prakash explains what prompted them to enter the race. "Telugu television had been clogged with soaps of the saas-bahu kind. Then the serial factory graduated to topics like extra marital affairs. Our market study revealed that women wanted a change. So we launched TV9 as a news channel targeting the youth and women."Now TV9 is eyeing the Telugu TV's entertainment market and also has plans to launch a Kannada language sibling to TV9 in neighboring Karnataka. TV9 Kannada would be ready for test run by September, while the entertainment channel would be launched by December.The trend triggers the question: Why this mad rush for channels? What makes networks believe that a channel devoted to news has enormous potential? Obviously, all assumptions would lead to one explanation - money. But is there such a great potential in the Andhra television market? And why this sudden spurt?As per details provided by Starcom (Mumbai) broadcast investment manager Varghese Thomas, the total ad revenue generated by the Andhra television market for the last fiscal amounts to Rs 2.2 billion. Gemini TV leads the tally with an impressive 44 per cent closely followed by Eenadu TV (ETV), which recorded 37 per cent market share. Maa TV had eight per cent while Teja TV had six per cent of the ad revenues. The state, which also has high cable penetration, saw cable TV advertising garnering four per cent of the revenues. News-specific channels TV9 and ETV2 scored one per cent each.The ad revenue generated by TV9 and ETV2 together comes to around Rs 30 million. What is significant about these figures is that it highlights the growth of these news channels just within three to four months of their launch. And it also gives an idea about the enormous untapped potential of the news market in Telugu.One can't overlook the fact that both TV9 and ETV2 leveraged the recent elections to their advantage. But looking at the Rs 2.2 billion Andhra Pradesh television market (only Tamil Nadu is ahead of AP in the south), and the ad revenue these news channels have generated in a short period, the potential for news channels to encroach into other's market is very evident.News is primarily watched by the A and A+ segments. That justifies high-volume ad-spenders including Yamaha, Metlife Insurance, Bajaj Auto, Siyaram and Emami gunning for news spots in Telugu channels.ETV has earned about Rs 100 million from advertisements in the last fiscal from its five news bulletins a day. Teja also earns about Rs 5 million per month.Talking about the audience segment, the vast Telugu-speaking diaspora in the US, South East Asia and the Middle East are what the channels are eyeing. So that defines the scope for new channels with a stress on the news in Telugu.Maa Television Network assistant marketing manager Praveen Viswanathan justifies his channel's decision to enter the fray saying that news has an ever-expanding viewership."The trend is like a gold rush. When there is a gold rush, everyone would seek a share."If they have to woo the advertisers or satisfy audiences, what all channels need is good content. When it is solely news, the challenge is tougher. Teja TV news bureau chief, Madhu P identifies two audience segments, which are crucial to the success of any new television channel or programme in Telugu."Telugu people are very much interested in politics. They like to be informed about the latest happenings. Then there is the film-crazy public who make it a point to keep themselves updated of all the latest happenings in the industry.TV9, which has a round-the-clock news schedule, packs each hour with a 30-minute news bulletin and a half hour news show. The channel boasts of a manpower network of 125-strong reporters in the country.TV9 CEO Ravi Prakash, who was with Zee and Teja TV earlier, anchors the daily show 9 pm with Ravi Prakash. The show covers current affairs and politics. Prakash says that the channel strives to fulfill its motto: TV9 for a better society."Apart from the coverage of current affairs and politics, TV9 works hard to strive for a corruption-free tomorrow. We use hidden cameras for our spy show Nigha to expose corrupt officials and politicians," says Prakash.ETV2 has hourly news updates. According to ETV2 public relations head AV Rao, the channel aims to provide comprehensive and in depth news with a regional focus."We have educational programmes to assist students, we support social causes with our programmes that bring civic problems to light and also there are programmes that focus on women and their issues. We aim to reach out to all segments of the society," he says.The advent of news specific channels saw an increase in the number of news bulletins on the existing general entertainment channels like Teja TV and DD Saptagiri (Doordarsan's Telugu channel). While Teja now airs six per day (with an additional four on Sundays), DD Saptagiri added three five-minute headlines to their regular daily schedule of two 30-minute news bulletins.Vissa TV, which was launched on 23 June 2003, airs three 30-minute news bulletins plus one 5-minute headline bulletin every day.Will these channels prove good or bad news for all the brave new entrants in a broadcast area that everyone and his uncle seem to be looking at today? That is the million-rupee question 
Here are some simple tips to help you stay safe online. If you have been harassed or stalked online, please go to What To Do If You've Been Harassed Online and follow the instructions there. i have also provided some offline safety tips.Any web sites mentioned below are only a sampling of the many available online. i does not have any affiliation with these web sites and use them only as examples. Select a gender-neutral username , email address, etc. Avoid anything cute, sexual, diminutive, or overtly feminine.Keep your primary emailaddress private. Use your primary email address ONLY for people you know and trust.Get a free email accountand use that for all your other online activity. Make sure you select a gender-neutral username that is nothing like anything you've had before. There are many, many free email providers, such as Hotmail, Juno, Yahoo! and Hushmail. i suggest that you do a search using your favorite search engine and choose the email provider that best suits your own needs.Don't give out informationsimply because it is requested. Countless web sites ask you to give them your full name, date of birth, address, phone number, email address, etc. when you might just want to search their catalogs or read messages on a discussion forum. Give as little information as possible, and if they insist on information that doesn't seem justified, leave to go elsewhere. Some people give false information at such sites, especially if they don't plan to return in the future.Be especiallycautious of "profiles" and "directory listings" for instant messaging programs or web sites.Block or ignore unwanted users. Whether you are in a chat room or using IM, you should always check out what options/preferences are available to you and take advantage of the "Block all users except those on my buddy list" or adding unwanted usernames to an Ignore list in chat. If anyone bothers you and won't go away, put them on block or ignore!Don't allow others to drawyou into conflict. That may mean that you don't defend yourself from personal attacks. It's safer to ignore them and keep yourself above the fray. When you respond to a harasser in any way, you're letting him know that he has succeeded. No matter how hard it is to do, do not interact with a harasser. When he realizes that he isn't getting a reaction from you, in most cases he'll move on to find an easier target.Lurk in a new forum to learnlocal customs. Read mailing list or discussion board postings for a week or more without responding or posting anything yourself. In chat rooms, just sit quietly for 10-30 minutes to see if the discussions that are going on are truly something in which you wish to engage. Don't respond to private messages in that time, either.If a place becomes stressful, leave it . There are many stressors we cannot avoid easily in our lives, so why put up with those we can avoid? If someone is being asinine in a chat room or on a discussion board, there are countless others that are likely to be more pleasant. If another visitor to a chat room or forum is harassing you and the forum owner/moderator refuses to take decisive action, why would you want to be there? Don't allow yourself to get tied up in battles over territory.When you change, really change ! If you need to change your username or email address to break off contact with a harasser, using a variation on your real name or anything you've used in the past leaves tracks allowing the harasser to find you again fairly easily. If you've always been "Kitty" and you change your handle to "Cat," you haven't really changed. The harasser knows that you have particular hobbies or interests. For instance, perhaps you like to play Scrabble. If he's really obsessed or simply has too much time on his hands, he's likely to poke around in different Scrabble-related fora looking for feline names to see if he can find you again.Watch what you "say" online.When you do participateonline, be careful--only type what you would say to someone's face. If you wouldn't say it to a stranger standing next to you in an elevator, why in the world would you "say" it online?Know what's in your signature file . Don't put your company name, title, email address, address, phone/fax number, etc. there unless your employer requires that you do so. If you must provide that information, restrict use of that email account to business interactions with co-workers and customers. Do not ever use it to participate in any public forum (mailing list, newsgroup, web-based discussion board, etc.).Never use a business account for personal use . Simply leaving messages on a discussion board will reveal your IP address to others. That information can easily lead to a stalker knowing where you work and finding you offline. Restrict personal internet use to home and public access computers. Ego Surf. Put your first name and last name in quotes in a search engine such as Yahoo!, Google or Dogpile and see if there are any results regarding you. You just might be surprised at what you find. Also put in the names of your spouse, loved ones and/or children. Remember to put their names in quotes to refine the search results. Better yet, use TracerLock or a similar service to do it for you on a regular basis.Never give your password to anyone.Your ISP will never, ever ask you for your password while you are online or via email. In fact, they shouldn't ever contact you to ask you for your password, period. They can get it from their own records, if they really need it for any reason. If you call them for support, there are a few rather rare instances in which the support person might ask you for your password - but you called them, right? So you know it's really a support person from your ISP that you're talking to. There's no legitimate reason for anyone to ever contact you to ask for your password.Don't provide your credit card numberor other identifying information as proof of age to access or subscribe to a web site run by any person or company with whom you are not personally familiar or that doesn't have an extremely good, widespread reputation. Check consumer advocacy resources before giving out your credit card number to anyone, just to be sure that your trust is justified.
The biggest middlemen on the internet areurlLink GoogleandurlLink Yahoo ! - Each making around a billion dollars from the PPC revolution. The typical starting points for internet experience are the biggest middlemen. There are others in this category - MSN, AOL, and on a smaller scale LYCOS. Why are these folks middlemen? Let's start by searching for a digital camera. Let's say - for argument's sake - that you are looking for a canon powershot s50. Try typing it in google and yahoo!. On google the first 2 links are "advertising links" pointing to potential vendors. There is no guarantee that these folks actually sell this product. They bought advertising links for the keyword. So google is getting money to mislead folks and send them out to these vendors. In my case, i got shopcartusa.com and newegg.com. If i click on it - google is getting paid. Thus they are benifit from my activity of looking for a camera. Mind you, i haven't bought anything yet. The next 4 links are links into froogle - google's shopping product. Here, we get linked to merchants who actually sell this product. It's unclear if google gets paid for it. Nonetheless, none of the merchants are "canon". These are bunch of other middlemen. Should you click on the first link in the "product search results", you'll end up with a list of merchants that sell this product according to google. Interestingly, this list is yet again surrounded by links to merchants who want to pay google. Some of these links are real merchants, some are again other shopping sites. For example, pricescan.com came up for me. This is nothing but another company's version of froogle like product. They - i am sure - make money if i visit their site and click on some merchant links.On and on goes this saga. Yahoo! is no different. They have more of the same. Advertising links put in the top result position with enough fineprint to protect them from law.To be continued...
there are reports that financial services web sites in some countries are moving to more complex authentication methods as password cracking becomes an increasingly serious security threat.A Scandinavian bank is experimenting with single-use supplemental passwords mailed to members on scratch-off cards. A Belgian company manufactures a “password calculator” that generates pseudo-random codes based on your primary password, the time of day, and “the unit’s unique characteristics.” Both solutions seem clumsy and baroque to me, but password security is not an easily resolved issue. Strong passwords are by nature difficult to remember. If you use a secure password keeper like Mac OS’s “keychain” you’re totally screwed if you happen to forget your one master password. As a result, users choose passwords that are simple and easily cracked. There just isn’t much that service providers can do about it at this point. User education can go a long way, but I think this problem is still a few years from a real solution. How about you? Does anyone else out there have a great idea for the authentication system of the future?
alling Packages, Internet Phoning Swiftly Ending a High-Cost Category "Shush, it's long-distance!"For decades, that phrase was part of the fabric of Indian life. A long-distance call was something special -- and expensive. It could instantly quiet a dinner-table conversation and infuse a household with an aura of anxiety or romance.Over time, long-distance became cheaper and more routine. And now it appears close to disappearing entirely as its own category, thanks to the popularity of unlimited telephone packages. For millions of people, it no longer makes a difference if they call across the country or across the street.What began as a slow change has been accelerating in the past year or so, upending an industry long viewed as a steady utility. A combination of deregulation and new technologies has spawned a sometimes bewildering choice of pricing plans for consumers from different players -- traditional phone giants, wireless firms, cable systems and Internet companies. Most of them offer connections for much less than what separate local and long-distance used to cost.Further roiling the industry, consumers have begun to embrace a technology that allows them to make calls over their high-speed Internet connections instead of phone lines. Such services are driving prices down further, although they are still working out some kinks when it comes to reliability and sound quality.Lets watch what changes are going to HAPPEN???
The Indian Governmentshould move ahead with a plan to implant electronic identification chips in INDIAN passports that will allow computer matching of facial characteristics, despite warnings that the technology is prone to a high rate of error. researchers, academics, industry experts and some privacy advocates say the government should instead use more-reliable fingerprints to help thwart potential terrorists.The enhanced INDIANpassports, scheduled to be issued for people obtaining new or renewed passports, should be the first to include what is known as biometric information. Such data, which can be a fingerprint, a picture of parts of eyes or of facial characteristics, is used to verify identity and help prevent forgery.Under Ministry of external affairs specifications for companies to bid on the new system, a chip woven into the cover of the passport would contain a digital photograph of the traveler's face. That photo could then be compared with an image of the traveler taken at the passport control station, and also matched against photos of people on government watch lists.The departmentshould chose face recognition to be consistent with standards being adopted by other nations. Those who drafted the standards reasoned that travelers are accustomed to submitting photographs and would find giving fingerprints to be intrusive.Butresearchers who have tested face-recognition technology say its error rate is unacceptably high -- up to 50 percent if photographs are taken without proper lighting. They say the error rate is far lower for fingerprints, which could be added to the chip without violating the international standard.The new system would differ requirements for many foreign travelers, who are fingerprinted when they apply for visas to visit India or any other part of the world. The visitors then have their fingers scanned when they enter the country to compare against the data on the visa.Similar requirements are to be imposed for travelers from countries whose citizens do not need visas to come to the INDIA, who will be fingerprinted when they arrive in the country."Fingerprints are much better."The concerns come at a time of heightened terrorism alerts and urgent calls for changes in national security from the commission investigating the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and attack on Indian Parliament . Among its many recommendations were quick adoption of biometric passports and more secure drivers' licenses.In seeking to have countries use one common biometric to aid anti-terrorism efforts, the international group designated face recognition two years ago in part because it would be easiest for most countries to implement and it was deemed the least likely to raise privacy concerns."Facial photographs do not disclose information that the person does not routinely disclose to the general public," the group said in a final technical report issued in United States. "The photograph . . . is already socially and culturally accepted internationally."According to tests by the National Institute for Standards and Technology, two fingerprints provide an accuracy rate of 99.6 percent. With face recognition, if the pictures are taken under controlled circumstances with proper illumination, angles and facial expression, the accuracy rate was 90 percent. "The numbers would be better today, but they are not going to be comparable with fingerprints," . Even a person's aging can affect results, especially with children.To Be Continued..................... 
Ruling doesn't affect other regulationInternet phone carriers in Country like INDIAshould set up their systems so Indianlaw enforcers can monitor suspicious calls. reports says that “ voice over Internet protocol,”orVoIP,providers should be subject to the 1994 communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, which ensures that law enforcers will be able to keep up with changing communications technologies. VoIPservice is likely to replace much traditional phone service over the coming years.Technology advocates have worried that the fast-growing service, which promises to slash costs by routing phone calls over the Internet, could be harmed by excessive regulation.The ruling does not affect other regulatory questions surrounding VoIP service, such as how it should be taxed.Lets see what Happens ............
Hi there.It looks like I've joined the blogging community, which by now consists of everybody and his mother.Let me briefly introduce myself.I'm a second-year grad student at UCSD in economics working on my PhD.On the side I would like to get faster on my bike and I'm a bit of a gourmet coffee and wine snob.Life is too short to drink Maxwell House and Miller Lite.I'm one of the few Republicans in the department but I'm an equal-opportunity curmudgeon.It looks like I'll be doing some research in macro in the near future but there's no major hurry yet.At this point I hope to kick back and enjoy the ride.
I was referring in the previous post about my reservations with Bush.From what I can gather among other Republicans that I know, these are pretty common.When an incumbent Republican president can't get these votes he's in trouble.As things are right now I'll still vote for him as the lesser of two evils.Here are the problems that I have with him:My problems don't really revolve around Iraq.Saddam had chemical weapons and was deceitful about it, with probability 1.He broke the cease-fire agreement of 1991 and harbored terrorists like Abu Nidal.And he was just a bloody thug.Based on the costs and benefits of intervening nobody can really argue that invading Iraq reduced human welfare.The PR, especially after the prison scandal, has been atrocious, and the administration doesn't deal with crisis very well.This is what has turned my friends off.Bush is a terrible spokesman.Grade:B+ on the substance, D on the style. My take on Kerry:Is vague and aloof really a better PR strategy than tongue-tied and aloof?I do fear that he'd hang our allies out to dry if something goes wrong.He's done it before, at least twice.The more reluctant that he is to intervene somewhere else in the future, the more that our enemies believe that they can get away with.Also judging from his conduct in the 1980s where he supported the Communists in Nicaragua, he has horribly bad intuition regarding good and bad uses of American power.And what if the Iraqis try to put Saddam to death?Would Kerry send in the lawyers?Likely grade:C. My problems don't center around social conservatism.The president has made nobody happy in his bioethics decisions, but making everybody happy is impossible.Apart from that the administration hasn't governed in a noticeably conservative way.Grade:B+. My take on Kerry:Makes Ted Kennedy look like a moderate.Not likely to make good court appointments or respect personal freedom unless abortion or sex is involved.Likely grade:D. Environmental policy is much the same as Clinton's.I had been hoping for more innovation here like the 1990 Clean Air Act with incentive-based schemes.More muddled thinking on environmental policy.Nothing really new.Status quo.Grade:B-. My take on Kerry:He might blunder into doing something innovative.Then again he might micromanage things like auto emissions standards or alternative fuels without a real understanding of what he's doing.So far, he's proposing the latter.Likely grade:C. Trade policy has again been a muddle.While Bush has been pushing for wide-reaching hemispheric trade agreements and making nice with Brazil, he's imposed all sorts of steel tariffs and wrongheaded agricultural policy.Again there seems to be a lack of serious thinking about incentives.Grade:C+. My take on Kerry:Voted against NAFTA.Edwards is his running mate.Shows no understanding of corporate taxation.Likely grade:D-. No Child Left Behind:Dead in the water.Federalizing education without addressing incentives very much--why schools act the way that they do.Just gives schools more reasons to fatten administrators' pockets at the expense of teachers, parents, and students.Grade:D-. My take on Kerry:Voted for NCLB.Opposes school choice.Strong centralizing impulse.Likely grade:F. Fiscal policy:Tax cuts, at the expense of making the code even more complicated.Maybe marginal improvements in incentives for capital formation (reduced cap-gains and inheritance rates).Timing was a little bit late for much of a Keynesian stimulus.Also done in conjunction with huge permanent spending increases, so this is more of a tax shift.I hate stochastic tax rates.The administration just doesn't understand accounting.It has a better team now than a few years ago but this isn't saying much.Grade:C. My take on Kerry:Mixed.Does have some reasonable advisors left over from the late Clinton administration.However there's the traditional Democratic tendency to complicate the hell out of things and Kerry's wish to increase spending on health care even more than Bush has.A divided government might help but my opinion of Congress is not much better right now.Likely grade:Either B+ or D.Depends on whether the Clintonites or populists are in charge and if government is divided. Civil liberties:Mention the name "John Ashcroft" and watch some people foam at the mouth.This was even before he became attorney general; some people are plainly bigoted against the guy.The fact is, the Constitution is still in effect; Habeas Corpus is still here; the cops or Feds still need a warrant to search you; and it's still a huge federal procedure to be declared an enemy combatant in a time of war.Mistakes and bad decisions do get made but it isn't clear to me that things are any worse than the 1990s under Janet Reno.Let's face it; she had a tendency toward clumsy violence and a clear disregard for people.And nobody can forget her role in the fake child-abuse cases of the 1980s.The point that I'm making is that we have to judge officeholders against real alternatives, not against some mythical ideal.By this standard, the current attitude toward civil liberties is OK but can always use some improvement.Grade:B. My take on Kerry:Not much difference on substance, only style.Likely grade:B.Likely to be better in some areas, worse in others. Immigration reform:Neither candidate has done much to give me encouragement on this issue.I come down in favor of high levels of legal immigration, done in a decent humane way.By this standard, I'd give a grade of C-.Could be worse, could be a lot better. My take on Kerry:Supports unconditional amnesty for illegals.He doesn't care much for legal immigration though.Likely grade:F. Security:Improvements have been made, but do we really need to pretend that old ladies are as much of a security threat as young guys travelling on a one-way ticket paid with cash?Get real.Grade:B-. My take on Kerry:I would expect him to put political correctness above effectiveness when it comes to things like airport screening.At the same time if there's an expensive way to increase security I'm sure he'll support it.Who the heck knows?Likely grade:C+ with a huge standard error. This is why I still plan on voting for Bush--Kerry offers no affirmative reasons for me to vote for him and plenty of reasons not to.He's running as the un-Bush but in all the wrong directions.The antidote to a big-government Republican is not a bigger-government Democrat.I would have supported a primary challenger to Bush.Not necessarily McCain, who is off his rocker.Lieberman, maaaaaaaaaaaaaybe.This is one election where I wish we had a true "none of the above" option.
Kerry's finally picked his VP choice.No big surprise.Based on what I've seen from the Iowa Electronic Markets and on Tradesports.com, this has given Kerry a 3% probability bump.My take on the whole thing:Advantages for Kerry:Edwards isn't frightening in the way that Gephardt could be.For one thing, Edwards has eyebrows and has been known to smile.Also Edwards has a reputation for being less liberal than Kerry.This also plays well to the protectionist sentiment currently afoot and might help Kerry in the Midwest and parts of the south.This particularly might have helped him in places like Michigan and helps to keep Ohio in play.Disadvantages for Kerry:This makes people like me no more likely to vote for him.I have plenty of issues with the Bush presidency but this doesn't address any of them.In terms of economic policy Edwards has exactly the wrong intuitions--litigate, regulate, and micromanage.Great ways to make health care unaffordable for instance.I don't buy the Republican claims that he's unintelligent; after all he is a successful lawyer.But he isn't all that open to new ideas.In fact, he sort of reminds me of the current chief executive.Edwards basically reminds me of a character out of a John Grisham novel.This isn't good.Kerry just took a bigger risk than many people are making it out to be.I'm imagining what GWB would have been like as someone's VP candidate.The guy just isn't quick in front of cameras.This is fine, but I'm expecting an "Edwards is stupid" meme to start up at any time now.Unless only Republicans can be called stupid.
 urlLink The original can be found here. A few minor points: "There’s a trade-off, in the short run, between unemployment and inflation. If you go back far enough, you can find plenty of Keynesian economists asserting that this trade-off also occurs in the long run." -And a reasonably good case can be made for a negative tradeoff in the long run, if real money balances and consumption are complementary.I happen to think that this is likely. "Inflation turns ordinary working people into millionaires." -Quadrillionaires if we're talking about lire.Imagine how Republican the Turks must be! "Democrats are opposed to inflation. Indeed." -Only when Republicans are in power.LBJ and Carter didn't seem to mind. "Inflation hurts the poor...." -How so?I would think that an unanticipated bout of inflation reduces the real value of debt,redistributing wealth from the rich to the poor. "Inflation is anti-Communist. For several years now, one of the biggest buyers of US government bonds has been the Chinese central bank. No doubt, they think they’re buying leverage, but all they’re really going to get is pictures of Ronald Reagan. Heh." -Sounds like fun.Maybe throw in some pictures of Nixon. "Inflation will destroy trust in government money and encourage the creation of private-sector alternatives." -Give those gold-standard cranks something to do, I guess. "Inflation is part of the American patriotic tradition...." -And of the Russian, French, German, and Hungarian patriotic traditions too.What better way would there be to reach out to our friends in Europe?Sounds like a John Kerry campaign promise to me.
" you need a diiploma for that job "So do you, it seems.
OK, so I had an afternoon to kill recently and saw "Dodgeball."The movie's pretty cheesy buturlLink Lance Armstrong makes a cameo appearance. I could think ofurlLink a few movies that I wouldn't rather see .I don't know about you, but Michael Moore reminds me of the uncle that I'm constantly trying to avoid at family gatherings.The uncle whose idea of formalwear is freshly pressed Zubaz.
We got our qualifying exam results back last week.For those of you who don't know, UCSD econ PhD students have to pass at least two (sometimes three) qualifying exams in the core fields of macro, micro, and econometrics.I took the macro and micro and passed them both.The pass rate was just over half on both exams.Therein lies my problem with this whole arrangement.These exams test students' quickness in regurgitating a bunch of math learned during the first year.But who really needs to log-linearize an ugly monetary business-cycle model apart from those of us going on to do macro?Who really needs to derive the integrability problem on the spot?Integrability is abstruse enough that our only exposure to it was when one of the professors had a grand mal seizure and bit one of the students.True story.These exams test the ability to take a test.That's it.They don't delve deeply into the skills needed to do research.At the end of the first year I feel like I'm no more prepared to do research than when I started.There's no guidance as to how to select something interesting as a topic.Nothing about how to model effectively.Nothing about the history of our profession apart from a few anecdotes.There was one professor who'd use as a catchphrase, "We're all good mathematicians, so..." after which I'd audibly gag.I'm not a good mathematician.I'm an economist who can take a derivative and do some simple matrix algebra.In reality this amounts to little more than hazing."I had to sit through Arrow-Debreu so you will too."Wouldn't paddling and excessive drinking be much more efficient?Surely less painful.
zzz.. today soccer match sux sia.. although we won.. almost fight sia.. lucky i peacemaker.. lolz.. think that my only contribution.. hahaz.. other den that still got 1 assist nia.. disappointing.. *sigh*.. the 2 matches be4 this match i perform way better lohz.. haiz.. sianz..today we won 5-3.. hahaz.. good wor.. last time we lost 4-5 lehz.. at least got improve la.. maybe coz change of venue or the making of our jersey de reason ba.. after make jersey le we haben lose lehz.. haha.. cool sia.. hmmmm... today leg pain oso continue playing.. haha.. dun care arhz.. leg break oso play arhz.. nothing take soccer out of my life.. hee.. play through the pain lohz.. lucky got yong kai de 'yoko yoko'.. lolz.. spray liao not that pain.. yupz.. after the match we go eat lohz.. eat kfc.. haha.. i suggest de.. danny oso agree lohz.. after that go home liao.. i lunch eat kfc le.. dinner oso.. lolz.. sure grow fatter de larhz.. haha.. nvm.. i so skinny.. coz i everytime save money dun eat de.. lolz.. pro horhz.. yupz.. think that all for today bah.. haha.. cya~!!leArN fRoM tHe pAst, cHerIsH tHe pReSent, hOpE fOr tHe bEsT~!!! 
whahahahahah~!!!! 10 days never blog le lehz.. lolz.. now leg pain arhz.. duno if tml will be playing soccer anotz.. most probably will la.. haha.. no matter wad circumstances i will oso play soccer de lohz.. yupz.. on tues we won another match.. or should say second match.. lolz.. second match won in a row.. haha.. hope tml can extend the winning streak lehz.. haha..today juz accompany teck seng go buy gloves.. lolz.. he pro arhz.. bring 45 bucks out.. can spend everything de arhz.. lolz.. still owe me 20 bucks some more lohz.. haha.. yupz.. that's all bah.. i oso lazy to write le.. haha.. is nothing better to do den write de ma.. so write so short lohz.. haha.. yupz.. in every relationship theres bound to be someone getting hurt 
lOlZ.. kena influenced by melvin write blog sia.. haha.. he got so many liao in one year arhz.. 88 lehz.. pro him.. not even one year.. is this year start de wor.. haha.. i sure cant catch up wid him de larhz.. lolz.. oso need to thank him lehz.. and oso teck seng sia.. send me songs.. lolz.. really thanks wor~!!! heex.. actually i oso very sianz.. so blog lohz.. haha.. boliao eh..haha.. today got sch sia.. or rather yesterday.. lolz.. so fun.. so relax today.. physics lesson not really alot of things to do de.. haha.. oso do worksheets nia.. haha.. get all correct lehz.. lolz.. pro bo.. after that go cycle wid ch n ginnie sia.. lolz.. go borrow winston bike.. but no brake de.. lolz... wan to go repair de.. cost 40 bucks sia.. den i go make a bit.. but a bit brake nia larhz.. no need money lehz.. aiyo.. den ch lompang ginnie.. den wan to reach kallang le.. den got one scooter come out arhz.. den the driver stop.. ch oso stop.. den ch see him stop le he move.. den oso duno why.. the driver oso started driving.. den both knock onto each other.. ginnie most suay.. she was standing lohz.. den she 'fly' lehz.. lolz.. lucky she not seriously injured.. otherwise i n ch got 'hell' liao.. lolz.. den we go kallang juz to drink coke.. lolz.. from macdonalds.. lolz. den we ride back go kim tian play soccer.. a while nia.. den quan hao found out he lost 30 bucks.. zzz.. den everyone stop playing le.. asking who take who take.. nobody say.. den he tot muz be he left it at where he was playing pool juz now.. haizzz.. den after that all went home le.. hmmmm.. today write till here le.. seems long lehz.. haha.. i oso write shuang nia.. lolz.. gotta go le wor~!!!!!!! every one take care.. cya~!!!
i fucking dont know what to do. Holly left me. she says we dont ever get to see eachother. its not my fault. the stuff that keeps me from seeing her is the stuff thats going to get me into college. I dont even know what to do. I told her it wasnt what i want. im just so... pissed of and sad and ... I dont even know what to do. Im just so frustrated. Screw it. now im just going to focus on my work. im not even gonna bother with anything else. because its not even worth it. she didnt even seem upset by it. Whatever. I dont even care. Well i do. but whatever. whatever... but as meghan said, everything happenes for a reason, which was verified when i got a 41 directly after it happened... its still shitty though mehh
i fucking dont know what to do. Holly left me. she says we dont ever get to see eachother. its not my fault. the stuff that keeps me from seeing her is the stuff thats going to get me into college. I dont even know what to do. I told her it wasnt what i want. im just so... pissed of and sad and ... I dont even know what to do. Im just so frustrated. Screw it. now im just going to focus on my work. im not even gonna bother with anything else. because its not even worth it. she didnt even seem upset by it. Whatever. I dont even care. Well i do. but whatever. whatever... but as meghan said, everything happenes for a reason, which was verified when i got a 41 directly after it happened... its still shitty though mehh
i fucking dont know what to do. Holly left me. she says we dont ever get to see eachother. its not my fault. the stuff that keeps me from seeing her is the stuff thats going to get me into college. I dont even know what to do. I told her it wasnt what i want. im just so... pissed of and sad and ... I dont even know what to do. Im just so frustrated. Screw it. now im just going to focus on my work. im not even gonna bother with anything else. because its not even worth it. she didnt even seem upset by it. Whatever. I dont even care. Well i do. but whatever. whatever... but as meghan said, everything happenes for a reason, which was verified when i got a 41 directly after it happened... its still shitty though mehh
ugh my life has been soooo busy lately and will continue to be so busy until well... school starts. Im doing the tupper park ad thing this year, as well as taking method acting classes with ted, helping leah pick out flowers on tuesday, spending every other weekend with my dad, trying to find time to spend with my friends and on top of all that, ive been sick for like ever. I havent been sleeping real well lately either. and even when i do sleep alright, osama bin kitty (bear) wont let me sleep past 745. he'll come into my room and sit on me and purr and rub against me until i push him off the bed two or three times. then he starts meowing and thats usually when i get up. damned cat. AND ive been having really weird dreams lately. all of them including people i dont normally think about on a day to day basis. some more funny than others, some more disturbing than others. but definatly symbolism in them. For half of the dream ill be walking around without glasses and i see what a normal person sees, the other half ill put on my glasses, representing clarity, and see ghosts and stuff. well, it either represents clarity, or that i want super powers. hmmm. im supposed to hang out with meg today which should be sooooo cool because i havent seen her since school ended. things have been up and down with holly lately, shes a party girl. shell have a few drinks (mind you i dont party) and call me at around 3 am on my cell phone and say things like "im so sorry im a bad gf" and theres those times where she just gets so drunk that she thinks im against her. ive asked her to stop drinking and shes promised, but i dont think shes stopped or is going to. i love her when she hasnt been drinking, and if i told my dad about this he'd flip, knowing him. so i dont know what to do. well yeah i do know what to do but.... right. okay. thats my life as of late, give me some feedback. bethy
					 						She sounds very Motown. Actually, it sounds very similar to the beginning of "You make me feel like a natural Woman." I had to listen to Aretha Franklin's song, to get the connection. But I still dig it."If I Ain't Got You" A. KeysSome people live for the fortune Some people live just for the fame Some people live for the power yeah Some people live just to play the game Some people think that the physical thingsDefine what's within I've been there before But that life's a bore So full of the superficial Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you baby If I ain't got you baby Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you Some people search for a fountain Promises forever young Some people need three dozen roses And that's the only way to prove you love them And in a world on a silver platter And wondering what it means No one to share, no one who truly cares for me Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you baby If I ain't got you baby Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you baby If I ain't got you baby Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you If I ain't got you with me baby Nothing in this whole wide world don't mean a thing If I ain't got you with me baby						 
					 						 And I mean the astrological sign. People born under the sign Cancer, around this time of month actually, tend to be my favourite people to associate with. Humorous, intelligent, emotional and sensitive. I can dig it. One of my best friends, Ryan, who just recently came back into town, i see him about four months out of the year. He's a Cancer. His birthday is at the end of June, and I could honestly say, he's probably the only man I connect with on almost every single level except sexually. Dave, He's a cancer too,a close friend, our conversations usually consisting soley of teasing and banter. Josee, an old co worker of mine, who I would deliberately take my coffee break with at the end of her shift, and I swear, that I would have tears running down my face by the end of my break from laughing so hard. Unfortunately for me, Josee moved to Fort McMurray, and I haven't seen her in about six months. Devin, well, I adore that man. For my own reasons, which He cant see, or chooses not to see, or maybe even does see. I don't know anymore. Regardless of what goes on between us, I've never stopped. I don't think I ever will.Lately I've been listening to Alicia Keys, "Diary of Alicia Keys" album. It's quite good, and for the frame of mind I've been in lately I'm not sure if it is helping or making things worse. She sings about love. Like most singers do, but almost all of her songs are about it. A few of her songs are quite similar to the first album she put out, being "Songs in A Minor" which was very good as well.Somehow Alicia, put a spin on it this time,maybe because her first album was designed to be more acceptable to every group, but this time it makes her sound more, well... Black I guess, for lack of a better term. There's some funk tossed in there, like the song "Heart burn" which amusingly enough in my head the first few times I heard it, I couldn't shake the notion of it being a commercial for Pepto Bismol. (Tastes so good, makes my stomach ache? LOL!)Other than that, it's totally funkedelic, and quite enjoyable. *shrugs* The porno style bowmp chicka bowmp bowmp, guitar in it is another reason to dig it. Another song on it titled, "When you really Love Someone" that is reminiscent of "A Womans Worth" from her first album. Similar, but obviously not identical. All in all, it seems like a good album, but it's one that I bought on impulse, listened to it for the first time, kinda went, "Naaaah..." And put it on the shelf for a few months. I decided to give it a second try. It grows on you. Sorta like those warts the doctor said needed to be burned off. 						 
					 						 The penguins I mean. These birds take a licking and keep right on ticking. I'm talking about the Yeti Games that I was introduced to about six months ago. They're fun little games where I actually felt bad for beating the shit out of these penguins with my Yeti ice baseball bat, and seeing how far I could wail on these motherfuckers. Yet somehow, it was addictive. For a while. Now it seems there has been a spin off on the original game, you can twirl them around like the hammer in PE class and launch them up a ice covered gorge (Yes, I know. How erotic...) Or, (magically enough!) Penguins and Yeti are transported to Africa, where you play golf using a Flamingo. (A Flamingo?)... Whatever. And smash the poor buggers into the ground, or trees, or Elephants and Giraffes for that matter. Anyways, it's as good a thing to play to kill time as any other, and the games are easy enough to play once you get the hang of them. Check it out athttp://www.yetisports.org And go smash the shit out of some penguins. That's what those stupid birds get for not being able to fly."Nothing like an Abominable Snowman to leave the men scared, and the women longing for furry Yeti goodness." ~Travis 						 
					 						 Now, when i was younger, and still do actually, I read quite a few fantasy novels. It's one of my favourite type of books to read. Tonight I went and attended a medieval society dance lesson. What a riot. I'm planning on going again, and again, AND again, until I get the steps down pat. Also, while I was there, Mel, the girl that introduced me to this group of people. Told me that they are looking for female archers. As far as I can recall, I was a damned good archer in PE class in highschool. Lets just say that my curiousity is definitely peaked. AND The society will be holding a "war" in mid September. I'm stoked. I'm planning on attending a few archery practises, and seeing how well I can pull it off. If I'm skilled enough, you bet your solid gold arse that I'm going to get as much practise in there as possible till September, and attending that war to compete. (And hopefully win.) I've always had a soft spot for the archers, bards, and the elves in those novels of mine. All I can picture is me in my dark brown suede pants, a pair of knee high black boots, a white scoop neck blouse and a corset laced up so damned tight, that it makes my tits look great. Not to mention a bow, and a quiver full of arrows. So yeah, I'm a nerd. Deal with it. Just don't stand in front of me, when I've got that bow pulled tight. 						 
					 						 It's been a week or so since my last post, I've been a busy girl. I had one of my best friends over on Saturday night, Crystal is a girl I met in Math class about eight years ago in grade ten or so, and we've been through so much shit in our relationship, (As in getting into it. Oh lord have we done stupid stuff. LOL.) and having been separated for a few years because of separate romantic relationships, etc, but the best part is that when we hook up again, we slide back into our regular routine. Like nothing ever happened, and to me, that means that she is a true friend.Crystal and I, Had a great conversation Saturday afternoon, about men and relationships. Men don't seem to realize that apart from all the romantic shit that they THINK we want, all we want are the simple things. The things that make us feel appreciated. Like a phone call at night to say goodnight if you don't happen to live together. Just a phone call. But most men, at least in both her and my scenario's, don't do that. Actually in most of my friends relationships, they don't do that. I'm in a rather difficult position right now relationship wise, where the ONLY person I want to be with the most is too far away for it to be feasible, and also, too busy to give me a response to anything I send him, being text messages, or emails, phone calls or online messages. And it's heartbreaking.It's not to say I don't understand. Actually, I completely understand. I can't really imagine myself content with anyone else. I probably shouldn't even be writing this in here, but the moment I saw his picture in Hot or not of all places, I was captivated. And its this stupid feeling of a girl in love, the vulnerability that I absolutely despise, that is part of the reason why I'm so frustrated. The anguished longing where I tell myself that I don't fucking care if he responds, but damnit. I do. Over the last month, He's been working SO much that I get maybe five minutes a week to communicate with him for actual conversation, and a couple sentences tossed in here or there on Yahoo or MSN messenger. It's not really my fault or his. I can't lay blame anywhere, and I've been trying to keep myself so busy lately to distract myself from his absence.I've got people interested in me here. But honestly, my heart isn't in it. And it makes me feel horrible. They are decent guys, I don't know exactly how they feel about me, and tossing them into the mix, or making them second choice when I know who I want to be with is really fucking with my head. And also completely unfair to them. The burning sense of loneliness, when I know I could have someone here, is fucking with my head too. I'm terribly confused. Matters of the heart are the most complicated of all, because love really does fuck with your judgment. It's also the strongest, most amazing emotion of all. I don't like finding solace in the arms of others. I don't like being deceptive that way. At this point in time, I'm so flippin confused, that I don't know what to do. I'm caught on the edge of despair, and clinging to hope. I don't know if I should give up entirely, although it would hurt both himself and I immensely, but I'm torn.						 
					 						 Well, back to work today and other than the teasing about me trying to become some hot fresh buns...(Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can hear the comments already.) It was fairly uneventful. Almost pleasant. Almost.I've found myself listening to Evanescence a lot, having borrowed it from a friend a few weeks ago and have had it in my Discman quite frequently since then. The music seems to put me in a melancholy mood, not surprising since Amy Lee, with her phenomenal vocals, has dark lyrics. She sorta reminds me of some psychotic pixie, or elfin type of gal, facially anyways. And actually, in her latest music vid, she puts on a few different persona's selling products called "Lies". She's actually quite pretty, in a freaky sort of way. I can't quite mimic her voice perfectly, but CAN hit the notes she does, so I put my own spin on it. I find myself belting it out along with her in my Apartment, or on the bus or street for that matter. The combination of her Operatic vocals and the distorted metal of the guitar, seem to appeal to me. Pretty damned good for a band that used to be hardcore Christian.The Roomie has gone house sitting for two weeks for a friend that's gone to England, to watch her cat. The moving date for her and I is approaching quickly. It's only one floor up and down the other end of the building, so it shouldn't be a difficult move, by any means. I'm getting excited about decorating the new pad up, and she quite handily tossed me a home decorating mag that she got in the mail from Home Depot or somesuch place... I think I'll take a gander at it sometime in the next few days, and see what this brain of mine can conjure up.I found my new favourite perfume. Hypnotic Poison by Christian Dior. Fuck, dude, this stuff rocks! It's got a very unique fragrance. It's pricy though. I'm sure I attracted the saleslady's attention at the Bay in my "Erotic" hoodie and jeans and runners, more for the fact that she thought I was going to rip it off, than be interested in buying it. I didn't however. (Buy it or rip it off.) Maybe another day, when I've got a hundred bucks to burn. A little too much to stink pretty.Annnnyways, it's off to Karaoke tonight, Mizz Liz is hosting, and its always fun to play kamikaze Karaoke when she's spinning the discs. Last time it was "I'm a slave 4 u" by Brittany Spears. Good Lord. I swore I wouldn't sing that after the first time I sang it. It's fun to sing along with in the car. That's about it. *smirk* See Y'all on the flip side. 						 
					 						 It was an hour and a half wait before I could even see the doctor and the worst choice in footwear to walk around the mall I've ever chosen, being my supah high 3.5" heeled club boots. BUT, It's all good Kids. Like I thought, other than being sausage like and not to pretty at the moment, (Although the swelling HAS gone down lots) and I'm all broken bone free. Hooray! 						 
					 						 How to make a LindsIngredients: 1 part mercy5 parts brilliance5 parts energyMethod:Stir together in a glass tumbler with a salted rim. Add lustfulness to taste! Do not overindulge!Username: urlLink Personality cocktailFromurlLink Go-Quiz.com						 
					 						 At the best of times, I'm never graceful. Actually, I'm quite clumsy, with moments of brilliance that make people think I'm graceful.The reason I'm saying this is because on Saturday, I tried to remove my left index and middle finger at work. Fun stuff. Without getting too technical, because you really do have to understand the machinery that I was working on, I basically got those fingers squished between a very strong compression plate on the top, and a moving belt that had cup shaped holes in it, which was underneath my hands, and my fingers were IN, that had a large, sharp, "screw" shaped object, because Kaiser buns have that swirl on the top of them right? That was probably a millimeter from my fingertips... How it missed my fingers, I haven't the slightest. But I'm friggin lucky. Combine that with about 40 to 60 pounds of hydraulic pressure, from the compression plate, and it scared the hell out of me.So my doctor at the clinic isn't letting me work until my x-rays come back, and in the meanwhile, It looks like I've got sausages attached to my hand. I don't think anything is seriously wrong with them other than being swollen and a little bruised. I can bend them, but they do feel really odd. And sometimes in the evening, I get a shooting pain in my knuckles. But I can type and I'm pretty sure I can do the shit I need to do at work, I'm not all that confident that THAT much exercise will be beneficial to my fingers just yet but I'm willing to try.I accidentally left my phone on silent this morning, and when I woke up, I had a message from a rather stern sounding woman from the Workers Compensation Board on there. I think they will accept my claim. I've heard of bakers doing the same darned thing that have 20 years of experience. I would cross my fingers. But that might hurt.On another note. Yesterday, I was the WebMistress yet again designing pages for my "friends" website. She's a professional domme, (Yes, for all you kids out there that don't know what I'm talking about that's S&M and Domination and submission.) Now. I am by no means a professional at website design. But I'm damned proud of myself. I worked HARD at this website and it's getting recognition. By professional domme lists. I did everything on this site, including photography and subsequent editing on photoshop, colour scheme, creative writing and editing, and refining the logo, that my mom did the basis of. This website has been added to THREE professional Domme/Domina lists. And its nice to know that I can impress professionals. It makes me feel like my hard work, and trust me I worked on this thing for hours upon hours... Is going to go somewhere. I've done Advertising dressed up in a Naughty nurse costume for this website at fetish events, true, it was basically an excuse to go drool over some PVC Clad hotties, and dance all dirty-like, but mostly Solo to the awesome tunes, drink and glow from head to foot in blacklights... But I did do some mingling with the attendee's, and left big ol stacks of business cards at the bar and the entrance/exit. Whilst my partner-in-crime, shmoozed to her hearts content and learned some interesting things from other pro domme's in the lower mainland. So if you are curious, go check it out.urlLink www.mdivona.comAlrightkids. I gotta go put my contacts in. It's hard to type four inches from the screen. But the power of Blog compels me. 						 
					 						 And so begins the start of my blogging. Fabulous! This is something I've been contemplating for quite a while now, it was suggested by a few friends, that know me, that find me entertaining and amusing enough in chats and in real life, that know that I can write quite well. They think that my opinions are valid, but thats niether here nor there... lol. thats up to you kids. I LOVE getting comments. So by all means. Feel free. I enjoy entertaining people, so it's up to me to differentiate what I decide to disclose on this. It's going to be a great learning process.I'm looking forward to it...and to top it all off, I'm doing it naked. (Well sorta...)Giddyup. It's 30 degrees Celcius here in the shade, (The hottest it's been in ages) and I don't friggin' well care if I'm clad in bra and khaki's. Nor, the fact that my blinds are open. Hell, I want a breeze. My socially inept neighbors across the alley can get their voyeuristic kicks off all they want... 						 
					 						 I heard a song byTim McGrawon the Radio today. I'm not a huge fan of Country music, but this one struck a chord in me. Its called"Live Like You Were Dyin'." Maybe it's something we all should do. The lyrics can be foundurlLink here.I'll have an in depth post coming up about a fabulous mixed Blues and Jazz CD that Luc made up for me soon.See Ya'll on the flip side. 						 
					 						 If I could be any angrier at Devin right now, I swear, my head would explode. 						 
					 						 The Enneagram is a personality system which divides the entire human personality into nine behavioral tendencies, these are my results overall, and it's divvied up into individual scores on each tendency below...
					 						 I've been getting tattoos since I was 20 years old or so. Despite the warnings that they are permanent, and the comments, "What about when your 80 years old and your skin is saggy, blah, blah, blah..." Honestly, by the time I'm 80 years old, I'll be fat, in a Muu-muu, and no one will care if I have tattoos etched permanently on my skin, because they won't SEE them. Either that, Or dead, according tourlLink my resultsonurlLink www.deathclock.com.My choice in Tattoos, being mythical lizard-like creatures, (3 dragons, and a rainbow gecko) are for my own enjoyment. They hold special meaning to me, because of the development of my character over the past few years, and the things I have done while in the process of living life and growing up. I must confess, I got my first tattoo to piss off my first boyfriend. He was controlling, abusive and "Didn't like tattoos." I chose to stand up for myself and get one anyways. I had wanted one since I was about 12 years old. As far as I know, I'm the ONLY person in my family with tattoos. Other than my cousin Andrew, who, when he saw me get my first shoulder blade inked up, was inspired to then get his done after seeing the process. I chose all of mine, when I walked into the parlours where I got them done, on the day I got them done. I have only pre-planned ONE tattoo. and that is my final one, which is going to be situated either low on the centre of my neck, or high between my shoulder blades. It's the Japanese symbol for "Hope." (Kibou) It took me a long time to find this symbol, and it was the only caricature I saw fitting, other than "Love," and perhaps "Music." For me, hope, is sometimes all I have to hold on to. It can be something crushing and misleading, and also inspiring. For someone like myself who is ruled mostly by emotions, even when I am at my worst place mentally, when the world weighs heavily upon me, hope is something that helps me through it. I usually try to see things with a light at the tunnel even though it's exceedingly difficult at times. Life is not pleasant right now. I feel lost, in my heart. I am so FUCKED financially right now It's not even funny, and I'm feeling lost in my life in general. You'll have to pardon the lack of enthusiam in my posts, or the somewhat down tone that it portrays. I'm working on it. 						 
					 						 It's nice to get free stuff. I won four CD's atThe Roxylast night, and quite contrary to the belief that they are the shittiest prizes you can win on the"Molson Waaaaaallll of Prizes!" (But, only because it's not the MONEY)It's actually some pretty damned good music. "Best of the British" (Virgin records compilation sampler, Various artists, 2002, Annual release.)This compilation, contains everything fromThe Who, "Babe 'O Riley," Rod Stewart, "Maggie May"(one of my favourite songs of all time.) Classic 80's kitsch bandMadnesswith"Our House," Squeeze , singing"Tempted"which was used recently in a jeans commercial, (There's nothing like a song about infidelity to make me want a pair of jeans. *Smirks*)Joe Cockersinging a very soulful, blues/jazz live version of"She came in Through the Bathroom Window."(I love a unique voice. It's scratchy, and growly and utterly hot. Too bad this song was big in 1969.)Tricky, "Black Steel"(Trip-Hop from the frontwoman formerlyknown from her stuff inMassive Attack )Supertramp, "Bloody Well Right"toStereo MC, "Connected."(ILOVEthat song.) Best of the British, "No Sunshine, Loads of Music." (Virgin records Compilation sampler, Various Artists, 2003, Annual release.)This compilation contains various songs, includingCulture Club, "Church of the Poisoned Mind," David Bowie, "Heroes"a very inspirational pre punk era song by theBuzzcocks, entitled "Ever Fallen in Love?"Duran Duran, "Girls on Film" Talk Talk, "It's My Life."(Recently covered byNo Doubt ) And aFANTASTIC acousticversion ofDirty Vegas, "Days Go By"made popular by a recent car commercial, but slower and by doing so, shows fabulous versatility of the band. Both are thoroughly enjoyable. And apparently, you can't purchase these in the Virgin records stores. They are"promotional use only"so only a select few people have them. Nice. (Of course, everyone that wins on that damned "Wall of Prizes" usually ends up winning one of these things. I just happened to win 4 of them. Oooh, lucky number 24.)More updates on the other two CD's once I listen to them.As an aside, apparentlyurlLink The Roxyis kaiboshing the Karaoke they've held there for five and a half years. Drag. The last bout of contestants to enter in "Vancouver Idol" is this coming up Monday. I'm not sure if I am going to go yet or not. 						 
					 						 A quick thanks, even belated, to Melissa and Luc, who threw one hell of a boozefest "Just 'cause" party at their place in New West for a few friends. Awesome. Good company, HELLA good food and good drinkin. Cheers! 						 
					 						 Alright. Here goes.I've come to the conclusion, even hung over, and exhausted from sleep deprivation and my first day back at work after ten days, that I can't stop thinking. My mind is always working, and half the time, it's thinking of ways to write a new entryfor this effing blog.I woke up a part of my mind that had been dormant for a long time, and now it seems that the beast is quite restless.I wanted to write about what I feel about "Online Relationships," but didn't want it to be some sort of bible-thumping rant. Basically, I was involved in a six month relationship with someone I had never met. That situation ended abruptly, very recently. You have to understand that for me, finding a man to associate with sexually, is not a problem. As a matter of fact, sometimes I feel that its entirely TOO easy to find someone to fuck around with. What I had a problem with, was finding someone that I clicked with emotionally, and mentally. Someone that I felt I had a connection with other than physically. And an online relationship, is exactly that. (For me, anyways.) It's a way to find out about someone, to communicate, based soley on words expressed on a computer screen. And it's horribly easy to be trapped in one.So easy that its the third relationship I've had online. (And for the record, I've never really told many people this.) Call me naive. Call me foolish or stupid. But for me, that sense of emotional/mental bonding, was so incredibly alluring, that I found it hard to resist. I met Devin on Hot or Not, as I've mentioned in a previous post, while I was dating someone else exclusively. He was a good friend. He was someone to banter with and tease lightheartedly. We had a lot in common. I was friends with him for about six months. We chatted online regularly, and on the phone occasionally, just as friends. Until my relationship with Erik, who I was devoted to, fell through. Devin was there. He heard my misery, because the breakup with Erik was pretty unexpected, and the stories I had told him about Erik's and my relationship, after the split, I tried to keep fairly unbiased. He listened to me. He listened to me through my anger, and my pain and my regret. He lent me a sympathetic ear, and a calming perspective. He did what a friend was supposed to do. Even though he lives in Texas. I had always been attracted to him, and after a while of being single, I found myself attracted to Him even more, based on that stability. Based on that caring, and all of the things we had in common. Based on his phenomenal personality, his intelligence and wit. And I fell for him. Even though I KNEW that he lived so far away, even though I KNEW that it probably didn't have a snowballs chance in hell of making it work out. And I said, to Hell with it, and tossed my inhibitions to the wind. "Love like you've never been hurt." they say. The communication with him never ceased, He sent me a Christmas present. I called him just to wish him a Merry Christmas and tell him I loved him, on Christmas Day. It was so difficult, being far away from each other, but it wasso damned goodat the same time. And it was unbelievably sweet. I loved him, probably more than I cared to admit. And I thought he felt the same. His phone/net apparently was cut off in early January, of 2004, And I didn't receive a response from him for a little over 2 weeks to anything I sent him. I remained incommunicado with him for almost four months. I thought about him almost every day. On a whim, I had been looking at his blog and decided to see that if I provoked him with a response to one of his posts, if he would talk to me again. It worked. He had thought that my hurt questioning, wondering if he was alright, wondering if He had met someone and was too afraid to tell me, and finally just the words, "I give up." had blown his chances with me... No. I gave him another chance. I don't think I should have.He got a new job. He was working approximately 18 hours a day. Or so he says. I don't know what to believe anymore. I really don't. I tried my best to be supportive. But it was getting harder on me, to be alone, and I was dating around when he had stopped talking the first time. I paused on that momentarily, for about a month, and then continued to date other people. Hiding my status as "Long Distance Girlfriend" for the first while because I didn't want to feel stupid, and because most men, when they hear that phrase, they hear "Desperate for Loving. Will do anything." And after feeling guilty for not being completely honest, I didn't bother to hide it at all, and made sure that it was one of the first things I said, to avoid leading them on. Because after all, I did have a sexual appetite, as well as a need for companionship that was not being fulfilled. I just clarified immediately that I was not looking for "A relationship." Because my heart belonged to Devin. The loneliness got harder and harder to bear, I missed him. (How on earth you miss someone you have never met, is very difficult to explain.) I had discussed with him coming up here for a vacation of his own, and it was most likely going to occur to the best of my knowledge, when I went for MY holiday that I just recently had. However, unforeseen circumstances changed that, and I booked my holiday a week earlier than I had planned with him, because I had waited so long between them, and his trip was to be postponed until possibly September when I could schedule my next vacation. I became somewhat demanding of his time, not that he had much to spare. And I can see from his perspective how that could have either irritated or freaked him out. Or both. But with me, if a relationship is not progressive, or if I am becoming unhappy with something regarding it (ie, our separation for such a length of time) I am most definitely going to speak my mind. I told him countless times, when he was at his wits end with everything around him, if he needed to confide in someone, to call me. If he needed someone to cry to on the phone, I would be there to be best of my ability. I tried my hardest to be what he needed, I tried my hardest to show that I was proud of him, and told him so on a regular basis, for all that he was struggling through and what he was achieving. But know that I failed in a lot of aspects. I can't lay the blame wholly upon myself, though. I made the mistake of phoning him, after Crystal's barbeque, when I had had too much alcohol to drink and was feeling vulnerable, and alone, and leaving a rather emotional message on his Voicemail. But what else was I supposed to do? I had told him that I would be there for him, if not as a physical presence, than as a supportive, consoling, vocal presence. Was that supposed to be a one way street? I don't think so. That's not the way relationships, (even long distance ones) work. Two days later, communication stopped. At least from HIM.He stopped responding to my messages online, to my text messages, to my messages on his voicemail... He was online, and he wouldn't respond to me. That, I think was the most hurtful thing of all. You can block someone on MSN from seeing you online, and he didn't even bother to have the decency to do that. He just ignored me. I don't know what to believe anymore. I don't know what to think. Is he married, and his spouse found out? Is he disgusted with me? Is he tired of having to keep up with my somewhat demanding attitude for attention? I have no reasons from him. He won't even acknowledge me. All I know, is that I'm in a world of hurt, and I have no answers for all the questions running through my brain.And that I'm through chasing him. As curious/frustrated as I am about what is going on, I'm not desperate, and I have my pride.He's off my lists on Yahoo/MSN, and I don't plan on contacting him again anytime soon. Elizabeth says I'm being entirely too nice to even THINK of contacting him with the intention of salvaging a friendship. Maybe, just maybe, I will a few months down the road, to see if he strapped on some balls and can perhaps act like a grown up. I won't slam him any further, however him leading me on most certainly makes me think he deserves a fuck of a lot more than the modest amount I have.What bothers me the most is that I honestly thought he was a decent person. It really makes me reconsider the way I look at people, and the level of trust that I give them.						 
					 						 I've been listening to: "This is Not a Test" (Missy Elliot, Elektra Entertainment, 2003) For those of you that don't know, I'm a huge fan of Hip Hop in general as long as the content is progressive, stimulating and intelligent. Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliot.She's the ultimate BBW. (Big Beautiful Woman.) Rich, Gorgeous, and very,verytalented. She also has shitloads of confidence and fantastically dirty lyrics. She's not afraid to say whatever the hell strikes her at the moment. Her stuff is very reminiscent of 'Old School rap.' Maybe its why I dig her so much.Her partner in creative crime,Timbaland , has wicked mixing abilities and beat creation skills. Not to mention one of the hottest voices EVER.Check out the song"Let It Bump"where he does his own verse. I almost creamed my jeans the first time I heard his voice on it's own. There is also the currently released songs on this album, being"Pass That Dutch""Wake Up" (feat Jay-Z)and"I'm Really Hot" She features several different artists on this album doing guest spots, including:Mary J. Blige,Jay Z,Elephant Man, Fabolous, R. Kelly(I hateR. Kelly . LOL)Monica, Beenie Man, Nelly,andThe Clark Sisters. These are the ultimate anthems for any club going bigger woman like me. Anything to psyche me up before I see the teensy trollops in their cummerbunds (A.K.A. miniskirts) or Paris Hilton wannabe skirts, and midriff bearing tops, the songs that makes me feel GOOD about my body before I head on out the door, although Missy has several that get me psyched. It helps along with a few bottles of false confidence, otherwise known as Smirnoff Ice.But the one that works best for the club is called"Pump It Up."The lyrics can be foundurlLink here . (As an aside, this lyrics web site, is by far, the most accurate for a Hip Hop songs I've ever seen online. Well done. )						 
					 						 There's nothing like seeing a prick get fucked over.It's the human&nbsp;mentality that when people see people in higher power (or a supposed higher power)&nbsp;struggle, or somehow face difficulties in something,&nbsp;they feel a little bit (or a lot, depending.) of joy inside. I know. Savage kicks.But&nbsp;I never said&nbsp;I was nice. Its like working for someone, who is a total Asshole . &nbsp;&nbsp;Who's harassed and tortured people at work merely because he is a supervisor and has the authority, for years, and then find out he's been diagnosed with rectal cancer. Its actually a proper usage of the word irony.&nbsp;And though&nbsp;I find sympathy in his situation,&nbsp;I&nbsp;still think it's damned funny.&nbsp;						 
					 						 Remind me never to write at&nbsp;5 AM again. Jesus. It's not like it did a lick of good anyways.A new CD review is in order, to balance out the scales... Or some shit. Or maybe just because&nbsp;I feel like it.Okay, okay, it's not technically new. It's from a few years ago. BUT, it might be new to you. So here goes. Goldmember Soundtrack (Various Artists, 2002) &nbsp; It's mostly remakes of funk and 60's tunes done by modern artists, and some new ones tossed into the lot. 
					 						 I'm watching&nbsp;the sun rise from the&nbsp;balcony, over the mountains, and it's beautiful.But it doesn't move me like it used to.I can't sleep.I was tired earlier in the morning, but honestly, the thought of crawling into my bed, alone,AGAIN , isn't that terribly intreguing. Life was a lot simpler when&nbsp;I wasn't alone. Or was it?I can't tell anymore.&nbsp;When I wasn't wondering what the fuck was going on in my love life when&nbsp;it was&nbsp;simple. Or was it ever simple?When I'm dating around, feeling heartless. Feeling like&nbsp;I'm leading people on. Even though I'm&nbsp;completely honest.&nbsp;And I'm so torn inside. I feel like a bad person. I feel bad for having emotions. I've been smoking too much, my chest hurts. &nbsp;And thinking too much, because my head hurts too.I feel bad for freaking him out. And I'm sorry I did, or even if&nbsp;I did. I'm sorry if a drunken&nbsp;phone call at midnight my time, made him feel pressured, or&nbsp;whatever the fuck else it did. &nbsp;But I don't know if that's the reason why&nbsp;either.I miss Him.More than I let show.&nbsp;I miss his voice. I miss the conversations we used to have. I miss laughing at his jokes, or him laughing at mine. I miss him waking me up at 12:45 AM when I'm up at 5 AM and it doesn't fucking matter because it's&nbsp;him on his way home with a phone call.&nbsp; And he has my heart.I would always pick up the phoneif&nbsp;I&nbsp;was able to,&nbsp;for him.Fuck...I was angry on my way home this morning. Angry, and miserable inside.&nbsp;When you can't stop the tears when your on public transit at 1 AM kind of miserable.&nbsp; Angry, miserable and questioning everything&nbsp;I was feeling.&nbsp; And I didn't care. Let them see me cry. Let them think&nbsp;I was drunk, or nuts, or a combination of both, if it suits them. I still don't care. I wasn't any of those things anyways.The sun is up.It's another stunning morning. &nbsp;I'm going to go to sleep. Or&nbsp;try at least.						 
					 						 Okay, to understand that title you would have to see the newest stand up routine done byMargaret Cho , entitled"Notorious C.H.O." &nbsp; By FAR the funniest damned stand up I've EVER seen, absolutely racy in content, she comments on everything from homosexuality, to&nbsp;her period&nbsp;(And how straight men would sound if they had theirs) to&nbsp;her routine on "Pussy."&nbsp;I laughed so hard, my head hurt. (Not to mention my ribs, and&nbsp;I think my cheeks took a serious workout.)Thank you Ryan, for introducing me to the depths of Margaret's depravity. She's one fucking funny Korean woman. Her impressions of her mother, are hysterical. I would borrow the DVD from him, but I think he watches the thing&nbsp;religiously. Highly recommended by myself, and Ryan as well. I actually think its going to be the next DVD&nbsp;I purchase. Just a short entry for tonight. It's been a long day. 						 
					 						 Here are&nbsp;the lyrics to the most recentAvril Lavignesong playing on the radio,&nbsp;urlLink"My Happy Ending" I dig the words. The tune is&nbsp;pretty good&nbsp;as well. She's the newAlanis Morrisette , In my humble opinion.&nbsp; How a sixteen year old girl learns the intricacies of adult relationships, well, that's up to the people that write her lyrics for her, or at least help her by handing her the Grown-up Coles Notes version of romance, or lack thereof. I actually stumbled upon her stuff&nbsp;before she became&nbsp;big,&nbsp;one day when&nbsp;I was in the MSN chat rooms before you had to pay for them. (Whatever they sucked anyways, no big loss.) Her band members were pimping&nbsp;her music, in particular the tune"Complicated" &nbsp;in the Canada chats. I thought her&nbsp;tunes was alright when&nbsp;I checked out her website a few years ago, but&nbsp;I still don't like her rendition of"Knocking on Heaven's door."Hey, whatever works right?&nbsp; I guess it worked just fine.&nbsp;However,&nbsp;I swear if&nbsp;I see another teeny bopper trying to be "original,"&nbsp;walking around wearing a blue and red striped tie with a wife beater on, I'm going to scream. All of the sudden, everyone was&nbsp;being "different,"&nbsp;Punk rock was hip, and my ex-boyfriend Erik's clothes were trendy again. Kudo's to sticking to your fashionista guns,urlLink Erik . No one pulls off red and blue plaid multi-zippered bell bottoms like you do and can actually make it look hot. To each their&nbsp;own. *As an aside.&nbsp;I haven't listened to Z95.3 in ages, but put it on because my discman ran out of juice.&nbsp;The station&nbsp;hasn't improved much. I remember why&nbsp;I switched my alarm clock to Rock 101.1. I think I've heard the same artists three times&nbsp;in the&nbsp;past two hours.&nbsp; Or maybe they all just sound the same now. (Oh Gawd.&nbsp;I'm starting to&nbsp;sound like my Dad.)* 						 
					 						 I'm in this fucked up exceedingly goofy sorta spaced out mood right now. It's somewhat melencholy. &nbsp; I've had the laziest day in ages. It's my vacation,&nbsp;I feel exceedingly bummy. And as&nbsp;I was trying to explain to Liz on MSN, guilty for it. Stupid&nbsp;I know. both of us agree. Actually Tory agrees too. That makes three. (Momma, and Me, and Baby make three...)&nbsp; Maybe its because I've gone so long having so much to do at once, that I'm completely unused to doing nothing. Gawd.&nbsp; My music lately still seems to be Love Inc. Mmmmm throbbing techno beats. &nbsp; I've been thinking about what&nbsp;I want relationship wise in the past few days. I want one person. He's too busy for me at the moment, so I've been dating around. They only seem to want sex. I dont want a relationship with anyone else.&nbsp;And quite frankly, sex&nbsp;with someone you dont care about isn't nearly as satisfying as sex with someone you do&nbsp;care about.&nbsp;It's actually quite depressing. The human obsession with sex is highly amusing, and understandable. People are sexual creatures, and I'm a highly sexual person too. But its not the end all and be all of civilization.&nbsp; M'eh. &nbsp; Truth be told, I'm highly uninterested in dating students. Or even men my age be it slightly older or younger. I'm not interested in dating people in unstable careers. people that&nbsp;can't hold a job longer than four months,&nbsp;Or even have careers that lead no where. I'm not interested in dating men that play videogames incessantly, or get savage kicks out of violence,&nbsp;or immaturity. (However, It's alright once in a while for the immaturity.) I once had a BF that told me that&nbsp;I was incredibly mature, for my age.&nbsp;I'm much older in my head,&nbsp;than the number it proclaims on my Birth Certificate. &nbsp; Well, you deal with 4 years of abuse in your first relationship,&nbsp; have a fairly horrific incident of sexual abuse happen to you from someone you trusted implicitly when your thirteen, and you tend to mature a lot faster. Not to mention that I didnt have siblings, and grew up around adults. &nbsp; &nbsp; Call me shallow if you will, or picky, or a&nbsp;bitch. I&nbsp;know what&nbsp;I want,&nbsp;and&nbsp;I don't&nbsp;want instability. I may not like my job that much, even though things are turning around, (And they are offering apprenticeships now)&nbsp;&nbsp;But, I've been there for four years. Thats a lot more than most people can say. &nbsp; On the same note, I'm sure I've excluded myself from people based on my personality,&nbsp;I can be negative sometimes, I can be whiny about my situation. I'm just sick of the SHIT that goes around.&nbsp; To be quite blunt, I'm more than my pussy.&nbsp; All&nbsp;I want, is someone to love and to love me&nbsp;for me, and for me to&nbsp;never doubt it.To have a sense of maturity and purpose that propels them forward in life.To have intelligence that makes them joyful to be around, to banter with.&nbsp;I might be greedy with my requirements in a relationship, but honestly, all&nbsp;I want in a relationship is affection and quality time. I'm quite happy living in a&nbsp;shitty apartment on the harsh side of town,&nbsp;with someone&nbsp;I mutually adore, than in a mansion with&nbsp; someone&nbsp;I can tolerate.&nbsp; I want someone I can spoil with love, that would do the same to me, all the while respecting self, identity and personal space. &nbsp; This is&nbsp;are the qualities&nbsp;I see and the&nbsp;reason why I'm waiting for Devin. He might not see it, He probably wouldnt agree with me either.&nbsp;But&nbsp;I can.&nbsp;I've never really publicly proclaimed it before this. But all the people that know me know the reasons why I care about him. It's something that leaves me grinding my teeth in frustration. I can't be there to support him when he is in need, and he's not here when&nbsp;I need a shoulder to cry on. Some might call it stupid, but the people I care about, and that care about me in return, don't. (At least not to my face, and if they did,&nbsp;I couldn't&nbsp;begrudge them. I wonder sometimes, myself. But&nbsp;I stick to my guns.)&nbsp;That's how you can test the true value of a friend. When they stick by a friend that might have made a mistake.&nbsp; You can't help falling in love. It just happens. &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; 						 
					 						 Apparently there is a severe heat wave that should be hitting Vancouver come Thursday. Brutally hot in the Interior (upwards of mid to high forties Celsius) and getting up there in the Lower Mainland itself. (Up to the lower thirties Celsius.) &nbsp; Yikes.&nbsp; That, combined with electrical storms in the heavily wooded interior of BC,&nbsp;My spidey senses are tingling, telling me&nbsp;there will probably be a repeat performance of last summer's fire storms&nbsp;up north. No fun.&nbsp;Time to turn on the A/C kids.&nbsp;Not to mention crossing your fingers.&nbsp;						 
					 						 This is one of my Favourite Mama's and Papa's songs, the Lyrics can be found urlLinkhere . Enjoy. It's bitter-sweet.						 
					 						 In the process of moving, I acquired a new queen sized bed, and sent my old double to the curbside. This new bed, is dangerously addictive. (Thank-You SO much Tiana!) It's soft, and HUGE, much bigger than im used to, and I think I'm in peril of sleeping there all damned day. All I need now is a cuddly bedmate, to waste away those hours of daylight. I'm a nocturnal gal by nature, and what better choice for a career at this moment in time than working in a bakery where I get up at 5 AM. I'm notoriously grumbly until about 7 AM, which truthfully, makes me feel bad for the mixer when I walk into the shop in the morning and when he cheerfully greets me with "Gooood morning! How are you doing today Linds?" and I respond with the typical "Tired." Or even more eloquent, "Mmmmphhh." Somehow, my male Co-workers, have accepted the fact that I don't talk, at least not for the first hour of my shift, and the same usually goes for at home, I'm quiet for the first few hours of waking up, usually choosing to write in here,and after a while of my brain chilling out in first gear, I kick it up to second. The unfortunate souls that hope to have an actual conversation with me on Yahoo or MSN when I first wake up, well, You're going to get the one word replies too... Sorry about that. I don't usually drink coffee to wake up, for some strange reason. To be honest, we don't even have a coffee maker in our apartment. None of my apartments ever have. I was used to having my Mornings staggered all over the place for school at first, and then shiftwork after that. I mean, some of my shifts at work started at 4 AM, which was brutal. Toss in a few 6 AM starts and a 9 AM start, and your body clock is all over the place. Thankfully, I've learned to sleep at any time of day, for any length of time.And I still can. On a side note, Liz and I managed to have the whole Apartment's worth of stuff moved up here on Friday afternoon and Saturday during the day. A special shout out for Steve, and Sean who did the heavy lifting, (Yes, you manly men you.) To my Dad, who helped me get my bed on Thursday, to Pete Marsz from work who scored us a gorgeous living room table for only ten bucks, Crystal for giving me the much anticipated bookshelf, Liz's folks for scoring us the free chairs for the balcony, living room, and dining area, and McCluckers who managed to harass me the whole time He was there on Saturday, when we were finishing up,joking how every piece of plastic on the floor was a condom wrapper, and all of my books, were pornographic.(And FYI, not all of them are. Just some. :P) Hey man, at least my favourite position isn't horizontal on the floor. (It's horizontal on the bed.)The house warming party still hasn't been decided yet, but all who are invited will get a shout out, when we've decided to hold the thing. Cheers! I'm gonna go load up my new bookshelf, and stay away from that bed until tonight.						 
					 						 Sadly as of yet, I haven't had any time to myself. The first three days so far have been moving, albeit with a brief hiatus to spend some time at Crystal's place for a Barbeque. I hadn't seen some of these people in years. Literally. Some of them were very good friends during highschool, some of them were Crystal's exes, and they're acquaintances. Both Crystal and myself have a good track record for maintaining a friendship with ex bf's after we've split up. It was phenomenal to see these people again. I hadn't seen Duffy since I graduated high school six years ago. (minus a few passing drive by's) He didn't know how to word it properly, He was worried that he would offend me. I mean how do you tell someone that has lost 120 pounds since the last time you saw them, that they aren't huge anymore? Simple. You just tell them. Trust me, you'll get the biggest smile on their face. I know I grinned from ear to ear, when he told me I looked absolutely amazing. I really want some time ALONE. I am a private person, unless I'm around my partner, and I require my own space on a regular basis. It feels like my whole Vacation so far has been tugged and tossed around, really to no one's fault, but I honestly, just wanted to write, and read, and swim, go tanning, and stuff like that, where I don't have to think, just be there and relax. Truthfully, I wanted someone in particular up here, for his vacation, to pamper the hell out of him, but a car accident prevented him from coming up here. So I decided to make due with reading, swimming, dance and archery. It's not nearly as satisfying. I'll figure it out somehow... Maybe He can come up here for my next vacation in September. Who knows. It would be nice. Monday, was going to be Karaoke at the Roxy, by special request to Mizz Liz from me. I haven't been there in a month and a half or so. I was looking forward to it, but apparently it was cancelled for this week. (As an aside, anyone that has heard me do Karaoke, suggestions are always welcome for my song entries.) Anyways. Enough whining. I need to eat some food. Ciao kids. 						 
					 						urlLinkIt's a break from moving.&nbsp;*grumbles* I should get back to work. The hair on the back of my head looks like a furby. Gawd.&nbsp; urlLink 						 
					 						 I've been listening to a few CD's slapped into my discman tucked into my shorts while packing, moving and otherwise feeling like one of the most disorganized people on the planet. Our apartment is in total chaos, and split between two locations. Lets put it this way. Breakfast today, consisted of a Bounty chocolate bar.1.Much Dance 90's (2 disc set) (MuchMusic Compilation,Various Artists, 2003, Sony Music)Okay, okay, have I dated myself enough? Yes, yes I have. It's all the dance music hits from when I was in early highschool, but it fucking rocks. I mean,"Ice Ice Baby" byVanilla Ice?!(I can actually rap the whole damned thing. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. I just know I can.) Or"Mr. Vain?!"Or"Hip Hop Hooray"byNaughty by Nature?!I have to love a song with the line, "She's as hot as a baker, 'cuz we're Naughty by Nature." Seriously! Awesome. I mean, how dorky am I, when my cell phone ringer right now is"Bust A Move"byYoung MC . (That, or"Safety Dance"byMen without Hats , or"Hey-Ya"byOutkast .)2.Pulp Fiction Soundtrack(Various Artists)Old movie. Older music. Classic Motown, Funk. Gorgeous. As much personality as Quentin Tarantino puts into his character dialogue, I usually skip past the talking parts. This is the CD I first heard"Son of A Preacher"byDusty Springfieldon, about 10 years ago, that I do at Karaoke, which has earned me the title of "Mizz Motown." (That, and"Respect"byAretha Franklin. )3.Great Big Sea, "Up"(Warner Music, 1995)Good ol' Newfie tunes. Classic Canadiana. And it reminds me of my Grandpa. Fun to belt along with, Fun to bounce around the apartment to, and even more fun to drink to at theBlarney Stone. 4.Be What You Are.(Various Artists)A Christmas present from Devin. Some great tunes. Check outurlLink his Blog ,he's got a listing of what's on there in the " urlLink Be What You Are " link. Or, just click that one right there cuz' I had to do some searching to find it.5.Madonna, Greatest hits, Volume 2.(Maverick Recording Company, 2001) Mostly Madge's new stuff, but the GOOD new stuff. I'm a big Madonna fan, I blame my mother for that. Even if I can't sing"Like a Virgin"at Karaoke with a straight face. (Touched for the very first time! *Hah!* First time?! Oh, like a vir-er-er-er-gin....) It has my all time Fave madonna song,"Music."It usually makes me ride the barstool at the club one hand gripping the seat between my thighs like a pommel, and one circling over my head with an imaginary lasso in slow motion. Yeah. It's a hot song.6.Massive 2002(Various Artists)A collection of dance/trance/hip-hop/pop on one cd that I borrowed from Crystal D. Has everything on it from"Sandstorm" by Darude , to a remake of"Ordinary World" by Duran Duranbut sung by a woman, some dance versions of Salsa tunes, and the song"The Summer."(I don't know who does that one, but I LOVE it.) This was the CD that we popped into her CD player in her Ford Escort Z2X, and zipped about Vancouver in two summers in a row. It Rawks. Good songs to move by. You can dance, you can dance. Everybody take off your pants... (And yeah, I know the lyrics arent actually that. It's just way funnier that way.)						 
					 						 If you feel like seeing how long you have to live, check outurlLink www.deathclock.com . Fun stuff. Apparently I die 2042. (age 62) Goody. But Hey! If I was Sadistic instead of Pessimistic, I would die at the age of 34. *Grumbles* Thirty four?That's 10 years from now!Jesus. Maybe I shouldnt be so Sadistic. Apparently Elizabeth dies in the year 2069. She's got a few years on me. The bitch. :P Fucking Optimists.						 
					 						 On the bus on the way down Kingsway, I happen to notice a Japanese Karaoke Bar sign. (Only the word Karaoke was in English.) Sitting on top of the sign were two crows cawing at each other... Fitting? Anyways, It made me laugh.						 
					 						 What was...1. Your First Grade teachers name?Mrs. Yamamoto. A wee little stocky Japanese lady, that was completely obsessive over the Vancouver Canucks (ah that Canadian obsession with hockey...) She blew up a balloon every day and if it was your birthday on that day, you got to pop it.&nbsp;(I honestly don't remember what happened when it wasn't someones birthday.)2. Your Favourite Saturday morning cartoon?It was usually The Bugs Bunny Show. When I was living with my parents, I still watched it with my Mom and Dad. Granted it's on a 36 inch flatscreen now, but the laughter is still the same. I can watch the really old ones over and over again.3. The name of your Very First Best Friend?That's simple. Elizabeth. I've known her since I was five years old. We split ways in grade nine, hooked up again about a year or so ago, and now we're room mates. Apparently,&nbsp;I was married at the age of three by my father, to the next door neighbor's son. I can't even remember his name at the moment. It'll come to me.(It's Michael. It only took me six days to remember it, but&nbsp;I did...)There was also Aiden Varga. I think he was the first boy I ever fell in love with. He moved up north to Shushwap. I miss him. I miss a lot of my friends that moved away. I never really forget them. My other "Best Friends" (If we're going chronologically) are Ryan (who used to be my nemesis) Crystal, who I met in math class in grade 10, and Crystal D. Who I met in Social studies&nbsp;11 (I believe.) Because I'm an only child, these people are my&nbsp;brother and sisters. They're as close to family as you can get. I would do anything for them. They know it.4. My favourite breakfast cereal?Honeycomb. Honeycomb?&nbsp;I Love Honeycomb!&nbsp;5. My favourite thing to do after school?Well. I was never really involved in anything regarding after school activities as a child, I was&nbsp;very reticent, quiet, and shy. I was the fat girl with glasses, and other than Aiden and Elizabeth, I didn't really have many friends in Elementary school. I read a lot of books. Repeatedly. From all genre's, but I usually preferred Science Fiction and Fantasy. After I was old enough to be independent, I threw myself into choir and theatre. four days a week, my school days started at 7 AM, and finished at 7:30 PM. My passions are the arts.						 
					 						 And I SHOULD be sedated. Whoo. One more day of work, just one more stinkin' shift, and I'm off work for TEN glorious days. What the hell am I going to do with ten days of leisure? Well...My first day of holidays, I was supposed to go to a First-Aid class, but now work isn't sure if I was even accepted to go. If that's the case, that sucks royally, because I've been screwed twice then for the same thing that has been offered through work. AND I was really looking forward to giving that dummy mouth to mouth. Darn. In the evening, it's a Union meeting. Has work related stuffENDED YET? Apparently so.Tomorrow, after my last shift before vacation, and Thursday during the day, are moving days. However, Liz and I have been shuffling some stuff over to the new apartment starting last night, and tonight is the bathroom, and kitchen shite. The rest should follow relatively easily. Well, except for the furniture and beds etc. Those are going to be a pain in the ass. Friday, is making sure we got all of our shit together, and unpacking the joint. (For me, anyways.) And I plan on attending Liz's Karaoke at the Duff, and actually being able to stay there 'tilclosing. Wow.Saturday, I've been invited to a Barbeque at my girlfriend Crystal's place, it should be fun, I get to see some people I haven't seen in years, that I went to highschool, and were fairly well acquainted with and there will be burgers, and the booze shall flow freely. I'm anticipating it with some regard. Giddyup! LOL, apparently my elementary school/High school crush is going to be there as far as Crystal knows. He's also her ex-boyfriend. That should be interesting to say the least.My Holiday should include copious amounts of sleeping in and perhaps some imbibing of alcohol and straining of vocal chords at Karaoke. not to mention, swimming, reading, at least one medieval dance class, and ISTILLhaven't attended the archery lessons @ BCIT. Fuck, what a slacker.Annnnyways. More juicy deets to come at a later time. I need a nap. 						 
					 						 I've picked up to two CD's lately, The first one isMaroon 5 , the album is titled:"Songs about Jane." The lead singer has a sort of nasal/whiny voice, thats actually quite sexy (But can't compete with the ex lead singer from Sound Garden and current frontman of Audioslave, a Mr. Chris Cornell, A.K.A. Vocal Sex God.)but awesome awesome sensual lyrics, the onetitled "Secret" is my particular favourite on this album. The lyrics can be foundurlLink here .And the second one, is the newDidoalbum,"Life for Rent."A particularly poignant song for me right now is one titled "Have a Little Time" The lyrics can be foundurlLink here .Happy Listening. I dig em lots. 						 
					 						 Today I was up at 5 AM to be at work at 6, I spent the morning frying doughnuts. It's not my favourite job to say the least. It actually started off pretty shitty, and I thought it was going to continue that way. Not to mention that I had the theme song from "SpongeBob Squarepants" running incessantly through my head.*He lives in a pineapple under The Sea... (SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS!) Aarrrgh! Get it out!Get it out! *And I don't even watch television, Fer fucks sake.Oh Linds. You are SO wrong. This is NOT going to be a bad day.My boss, was in an unusual mood. He wasnice . It almost made me wonder if I was going to get written up for some misdemeanor that I wasn't aware I had committed.He had to cut some hours, and I had agreed to go home early. After four hours. He was joking around, and teasing me, which I STILL don't quite know how to deal with, but lightly bantered back with him, trying to not offend him. He was fairly jovial until about 9 AM, When my Assistant Manager asked him where the cake decorator was. (Apparently, when you have the option of going store to store to do the jobs that cover other people while they are on vacation and have days off, you also have the option to not show up.) A bit of a panic ensued, and I thought"Oh here we go... This is how it's supposed to be in here."Nope.He comes up to me and asks me how well I can decorate. (He's dangled this particular carrot in front of my nose before, teasing me with the idea of decorating and then saying "No, sorry. We can't let you do that right now.") I told him, again, that I had had lots of training in my old store, with basic techniques, He took that to heart. I spent the rest of my shift prepping (or base icing) cakes, and doing some decorating next to the Bakery Assistant Manager, and ended up staying my full shift. I even got the boss coming up to me, patting me on the shoulder and saying "Good job, kiddo." (Gee, thanks Gramps.) at the end of my shift. I almost fainted from receiving actual praise from him, I didn't, however, but managed to nearly split my head in two with my grin.On a whim I decided to go swimming after work, finally breaking in that 11 free swims pass that I got from my First Boyfriend's Mom, four years ago for my 20th birthday. I had forgotten how tiring it was, and also, how awesome, and relaxing it is to immerse yourself completely in water. My muscles have that lovely dull, warm, achy feeling you get from working them. Considering I did about 35 laps in one of the swim lanes, played around in the water, and relaxed my lower back in the whirlpool. All in an hour and twenty minutes or so. It's definitely rekindled my love affair with the twelve feet deep end in a pool of chlorinated water. I'm planning on going at least three or four times on my vacation.So, back from Bonsor, and I stop by my Apartment Managers suite, to talk to her about the new apartment that Elizabeth and I are moving into on the 15th. She takes me upstairs, I hand her the cheque, she hands me the keys, we chat for a bit, and then she leaves. And I look around at thisHUGE, SPACIOUS, CORNER SUITE, TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT.With new Linoleum, fairly new carpets, SCREENS on the sliding doors, (not to mention a sliding door that doesn't sound like your slaughtering a dozen alleycats when you open the damned thing) I think I almost had an orgasm. It sure beats the hell out of a cramped one bedroom that Elizabeth and I have been sharing for six months or so. Design ideas are racing through my head. I'm walking from room to room, and my head is spinning. The view isPHENOMENAL!I can see the mountains, We're on the Third floor, away from the ghetto apartment building across the alley, that was our previous view, Away from the giant, divebombing moths, and, ANNNNNND! I have a dimmer switch for my bedroom light. Yeeeah.						 
					 						 Recently, I did a scan of my Yahoo Messenger list. Sorting out my contacts of people I talk to regularily, and people that I haven't talked to in ages. As a regular chat junkie on Yahoo chats, I get people adding me all the time, for various reasons: to either: Jerk off to my Webcam whilst I am unknowing of whats going on, adding me with hopes of getting a date or laid by me, they see my profile on the Yahoo Members Directory and click to add me because I have one thing in common in my hobbies or interests, or they Like my picture, or a combination of all the above, OR the rare few that actually find my conversations with them amusing. Out of the One Hundred and Fifty contacts I have on my list, I sorted them out into two categories, "Close friends," which contains 28 people, and all the rest got stuck into a category called "friends." It was getting to the point that when I logged onto Yahoo messenger, I was SWAMPED with about 20 IM's from people not even ten seconds after logging on. Half of them I had already put on ignore, either because they were graphically sexual, rude, or abrasive, that or they didn't even have basic english skills. I'm a patient person, but if I can't understand you, and your asking for my first name ten seconds into the conversation, or to see my tits,(or a multitude of other various body parts) I'm sorry but you're put on ignore. Immediately. No dice. I don't play that way. However, seeing as Yahoo Messenger ignore lists only hold 100 people, I'm pretty much shit outta luck when I've clicked them and my list is full.I've gone and changed my Yahoo ID, and E-mail accounts a few times during the past eight years I've been on chats, because some people tend to associate me with negative things. or expect things of me that im not willing to accomodate. (As in Nudity on cam, or Head games, or whatever else strikes they're fancy.)Some people are pretty fucked up. Lord Jeebus bless Yahoo for making the newest version of Yahoo Messenger, where you can change "Stealth settings."My MSN list is approaching 65 people, and a few of these people are on block as well. So this is a shout out, to all the people that actually SEE me online, you're in the "IN" crowd. You are the people I enjoy talking to. You're the decent, intelligent, witty crew I love to chat with. Thank-you. Thank-you for not being pigs. Thank-you for not expecting things of me that some people would take for granted. And if I do happen to get lonely another Valentines Day night by myself, and drink another half a mini mickey of Fireball in twenty minutes and get trashed alone, (Not that it happens often.) Maybe you WILL get to see my tits. Maybe. But dont count on it. *Smirks* 						 
					 						 A synopsis of Today:7 AM: I wake up. Apparently my body clock doesn't let me sleep past this time anymore. I'm lucky if I get to sleep in till past 9 AM. I mess around the apartment, killing time, check my email and respond to any of my business stuff, chat on Yahoo for a while, and then get my butt in gear, hop in the tub, get all squeaky clean. I do my makeup and plan on getting a hair cut, because it's getting rather Mullet like and takes half my available product to do what I want it to do. And damnit, that's not cool. If I was a man, I would definitely be a Metrosexual.10 AM: Head out the door, and make a pit stop at my Mailbox, and Huzzah! my GST cheque. Nice, nice. Back upstairs to drop off the rest of the mail, and then down the stairs to head off to MetroTown. That place should be called MetroHell. I can't believe the thing is packed at Ten thirty in the morning, on a Thursday. Don't people work or something? (Just a tidbit of information, its the Second largest Mall in Canada, dwarfed only by West Edmonton Mall in Edmonton. Of all the crazy places!)11:30 AM: by this time, I've bought myself a purse, wallet and shoes. Gawd. I'm a shopping whore. someone give me an IV drip, or the Shopping patch. But, please, make sure it matches my new shoes and purse.I'm starving, so it's off to the food court. Which has moved. But apparently I can watch a video of the subsequent destruction of the former food court. Not too terribly fascinating. There are no half naked construction workers in there. Actually, there are no people in there at all. Thusly no point in me watching the T.V. And anyways, I'm hungry. I go on this wild food court hunt, following signs on the floor, almost walking into people, trying to figure out where the fuck they've put this thing. On the way, I book an appointment at the hair salon, with a rather brusque hairstylist. I fear for my magnificent Glamazon locks, but book the appointment anyways. I'm not about to pay 50 bucks at the other place to get a friggin haircut. I eat, I go back, after phoning Ryan with a harrassing phone call to "Get the fuck out of bed." of which he responded with grunts and groans attempting to be words. I tell him I'm going to bother him when I'm done getting my hair chopped.12:15 PM: Okay, here we go. Cut it off. Every mullet-like inch. She doesn't listen to a word I've said to her, but it still looks good. Thanks Colleen. Try working on customer relations. Ryan calls it my Butch-Dyke cut. Gosh. I'm happy now. Who's You're Daddy? (Uhm....You are Linds?) Ryan is speaking legibly now. He's on his way to Lougheed, and I'm on the Skytrain, headed to ANOTHER mall.1 PM: Meet Ryan. Drink coffee. get told I look "Faaaaaaabulous." Trade insults with him and finish each others sentences for about 20 minutes. Buy bathroom stuff, and mosey on around the mall. We drop all my shit off at home, and GO BACK to Metrotown. Frig. By now, I hate the mall. 2:30 PM: We hit the bank, and then go through the Crystal Mall. Basically it's Chinatown in concentrated form. Ryan prices out some stuff for his computer that all sounds greek to me. I just stand there and look pretty. We trade insults some more and finish some more of each other's sentences. We go eat some food and I watch Ry ogle guys, occasionally commenting on my own sightings. 5 pm: Ryan and I split ways, I head home and die exhausted on my shiny new computer/deck chair. It doesn't break. Hallejulah. Praise Jeebus.8 pm: Start doing laundry, and on the way back up to my apartment from the basement, not even five minutes after I've used the elevator, I find out that some poor lady is trapped in it between floors one and two. Jeeeeeeesus. NO thank you. I hate elevators. Techs are on the way. Poor thing.I bet she'll take the stairs from now on though. 						 
					 						 Just thought I would plug some Blogs of people I know, for the hell of it. An ex-boyfriend and good friend of mineErik 's Blog. Witty satire and Political thoughts, his opinion on obscure and not so obscure music, and also some of his own stuff. Thoughts from an intelli-punk Rocker. " Love the sinner, but not the sin ." His site addy is:urlLink www.wiggler.caSome other friends of mine, that I met through Erik are the Folks atM.U.F.T.I.full of pictures, and exploits: urlLink www.mufti.ca a Spinoff of the M.U.F.T.I. crew, a fellow Glamazon, (actually the one that coined the term Glamazon)Allison . Her site addy is:urlLink www.honig.blogspot.com And of course, my ever lovely and wonderful Room-mateLizzie-poo . Her site is: urlLink www.lizzie_poo_diaries.blogspot.comLast butneverleast,Devin , His site is: urlLink www.devinandmarty.com						 
					 						 I Spent my evening and a large portion of my first day off this week sleeping. And I'm not joking... I slept for 18 hours. From 3pm in the afternoon on Monday, to 10:30am this morning. It's a completely disgusting waste of time, that I could have been out doing something during. Can't I just sleep when I'm dead or something? Honestly... I guess I needed it. I think I've come down with that annoying little cold buzzing about the city that makes you really tired and gives you the sniffles. Either that or I have mono. Which isn't really possible, considering the amount of action I've been getting lately. I think it's definitely the first option. I missed dance class, which is slightly disappointing, and had three friends call to have me pick up the phone groggy and sounding like a six year old on the phone. Apparently I sound cute and sweet when people wake me up. (Crystal says she actually feels BAD for waking me up when I sound like that.) Too bad I'm not always cute and sweet. The thing my close friends don't realize, is that I have no problem picking up the phone at any time of day or night if they need to talk. I have call display, and if it's a number I don't recognize, they can leave me a message. Other than that, I pick up the phone. It's not like I turn the damned thing off anyways.Perhaps the reason I've been so tired, is because I've been working production at work for the last month and it's probably the most physically exhausting work I've ever done. It's immensely satisfying, but we're so short-handed in the bakeries lately, that it's a two bakers, or a baker and a "Bakers Helper"(that's my position, BTW. Basically I do all the shit they do, and all the shit they think they are too good to do, for half the wages.) doing the entire production for the next day. In most jobs you get "downtime." in otherwords five or ten minutes of standing or sitting around in between tasks. I don't. I'm moving from six am to one pm, with two fifteen minute breaks. It's okay tho. Like I said. It's satisfying work.AND , my boss is starting to see that I do have the skills at work, now that he gives me the chance to show him. And quite frankly, it's the most satisfying part of the whole thing. But to be honest, it was very difficult on my body for the first week and half. I think I did break down crying at one point because I felt so exhausted. I recall telling my Manager, on a day that he was ragging on me particularly viciously, that "I couldn't take it anymore, and the first chance I got to get out of there I was taking." He told me I was too smart to stick around in that job anyways. Which is sort of a back-handed compliment from him,(You would have to know him. I swear the first six months I was working with him, he was trying to get rid of me. Whatever, I don't think he realizes quite how stubborn I am. I'm a VERY typical Taurus female.) I got over that feeling of uselessness quickly enough.I spent the afternoon reading the third book in a trilogy that I've already read before. (Kushiel's Chosen, by Jacqueline Carey.) and happily chilling out on the couch. The television has been on a grand total of once while Lizzie-B has been house sitting, and that was only to see my buddy Murray (the Murr-man aka.Pookie ) on CBC news for some funky thing they were somehow using to relate to the election last week about karaoke and the similarities with voting. (However the fuck that works.) I tend to chat online as my relaxation after work or do a blog entry, and Lizzie tends to watch the T.V. Whatever rings your bell, eh?I've been listening to Love Inc. On my way to work, Its older Montreal based techno/dance music, as my co-worker Erica described it "Oh! That's Old School." Fuck. It's only from 8 years ago. Jeez, did that ever make me feel old. My favourite track is #9, which as far as I know, since I lost the cover ages ago is called "C'est Fantastique." It's the same chick that sings the rest of the tracks on the CD with DJ Chris Sheppard, but she's speaking in French in parts of it. Some moans and giggles in it that sound quite orgasmic, and the lyrics loosely translated are about how: "She's listening to the music, the music makes her body tremble, it's fantastic." Not terribly heavy content wise, but timeless beats. (y'know how some tunes are VERY dated? Not this stuff.) All in all, I wouldn't have it in my discman, if I didn't dig it.						 
					 						urlLinkThis is my FAVE pic of me, I took it myself, one night at Karaoke at the Roxy Cabaret Nightclub. Fun fun! &nbsp; urlLink						 
					 						urlLinkDo I smile. Yes. Yes I do. Did I feel like smiling at that moment? No. Apparently not.&nbsp; urlLink						 
					 						urlLinkCute Comic that Tory showed me. He thought it was appropriate to put on my blog. I agree. You can find a whole bunch moreof these aturlLink www.whiteninjacomics.com&nbsp; urlLink						 
					 						 Today, as I finished posting my latest entry, I was in a rush to get out of my apartment. A girlfriend was waiting outside to hang out and chat with me at the Laundromat whilst she washed her unmentionables. (I also ran into my cousin and his girlfriend there, and a girl I used to go to elementary school with. I haven't seen her since grade seven or so. She looks pretty much the same, but I don't anymore. I look better. *winks*)Y'know how you get off of a chair? You sorta push yourself up with your hands on the arm rests? Yeah... Well, my comp chair is one of those funky collapsible lawn chairs with a beer holder on the side. I push myself up, and boom. I'm on my arse. Whee, fun. Like I said before, I've got moments of brilliance that over shadow the klutzy-ness that is me. I think I inherited that particular gene from my Mother. Ah well. I love the woman regardless. She's a great person.Gawd.The "bolt" (It's actually a feeble little chintzy aluminum pin) holding the corner of the seat to the arm rest, snaps in half. Not terribly surprising since I lounge and sprawl all over the fucking thing. It's one of my favourite chairs. Needless to say, it was brought back to the store I got it at about an hour later, and exchanged. Lets see how long this one lasts. (And if it does break again, no biggie. I can always exchange it again.)I swear I'm going to die young, from tripping off of something accidentally. Or, breaking my neck tripping on a flat, low pile wall to wall carpet in the hallway. Laugh all you want. I've actually done it. Much to my friend Crystal's amusement. I still get teased by her.Maybe I should have gone to school in the little yellow bus, and eaten my food with a fork with a cork on the tines. Bugger. 						 
					 						 Yeah... So I was updating my profile here, and I was thinking what the Hell, Might as well play around with the random question feature that they ask you on this. WHO the fuck thinks up these questions? Some of them I have to say... Are REALLY messed up. They're very creative. But strange. Some of them are the require the most simple answers imaginable. For instance, If your tongue became a magnet, what would you use for cutlery? Well duh... Plastic cutlery. And if you took the little yellow bus to school, all your forks would have corks stuck on the prongs anyways. (And no, I don't know this from personal experience.)A lot of the questions seem geared towards tongues, and cutlery. I think someone has a food fetish. Or just an oral fetish. (OH! BTW, apparently people that chew gum all the time have an Oral fixation... You learn something new everyday.)Now, I've been meaning to add a picture or dozen on here... Including one on my profile. But for some reason, that I can't fathom, when I try to log in on Hello, it says the page you have selected cannot be displayed. Maybe it's something to do with my firewall. I can get to the part where I send a pic to the bloggerbot, and it tells me to log-in, and once I type all that junk in, it won't let me. It gives me that dreaded error message. It's UBER frustrating. If anyone has any answers for me, do tell. July 1st was Canada Day. I'm not terribly patriotic. I never have been. I'm a piss poor Canadian anyways, I don't even like hockey. I spent the morning working, and the afternoon with one of my best buddies Ryan, scoping out the festivities at Canada Place, and TRYING to find some bloody fire works displays, but no such luck. They stopped holding the fireworks downtown. personally, I think that's a really dumb idea. My friend Devin celebrated his Birthday on the 3rd, down in Texas. And I'm assuming he's still nursing one fuck of a hangover.Or, at least I'm hoping he is. Dev has been working way too hard, and totally deserved a good booze binge with his buddies. I just wish I was there, to join in on the mischief... C'est la Vie. I called early Saturday morning, on my coffee break to sing him Happy Birthday in style on his voicemail. I hope He enjoyed it. You should check out his latest work if you appreciate baseball.urlLink www.dallasbaseballhome.comits fairly regional, but very well done. Congrats Dev. And Happy Birthday.My Cuz is leaving for Australia on the 8th,(The lucky bitch) for six months or more, and my family held a going away party for her yesterday as well. Iate so much food, I could have died, It actually HURT after eating it. Damn my family members are good cooks. I'm no exception. I can cook up a gourmet meal in half an hour, but since I worked a full shift beforehand, I didn't have to contribute. I've got lots of leftovers packed in my fridge now. And enough of Auntie Pat's pasta salad to kill someone. Low-carb my ass...Roomie is still house sitting, and I actually miss her quite a bit, but I'm appreciating my time alone too. and I've been quiet a lil' Miss over here, just chillin, chattin online, reading, sleeping (but not nearly enough) and working my buns off. I've sort of been avoiding going out, to help with my finances, and also to take a break. My Vacation from work is coming up starting on the 15th. I swear, the nicest thing I have ever seen on the work schedule next to my name, is the word "HOLIDAYS." Giddyup!It's been a while since I've had time off. Around my Birthday in early May of last year to be exact. (Well, I had a vacation in early November too, but it wasn't relaxing. I think I came back worse off then when I left. I got dumped the day my vacation started, so I was pretty down the whole time. Thank god for Liz and her consolation.) I think I've earned it.I realized that I just passed my Fourth anniversary with Safeway on Tuesday, when I was on the phone with Ryan Wednesday evening. He asked me if I still worked for the "Big Red S." Yup, I sure do. I don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing. It certainly shows I'm not afraid of job commitment. (Maybe I should commit myself for staying there that fucking long. It's a total Fun Factory in there, I tell ya...) I've basically earned the equivalent to an apprenticeship, IF Safeway and the BC Government still had the apprenticeship programmes running. Fuckers. I know for a fact that I would be making about seven dollars more an hour if they were. And because of this epiphany, and the raw spots from the ball and chain around my ankle from working at this particular job, I'm planning on a career change REALLY soon. Perhaps taking Massage therapy at a Theraputic College or something like that. All I know is that I need to get out of this rut. Kneading dough and kneading flesh aren't all that different. And I've never lacked in my massage skills.Anyways. I'm off. I won't let the door hit my arse on the way out. 						 
					 						 I've come to the realization a while ago that I needed to get out of Vancouver.Just for a week or so. Thank Gad for my friend Norm up at 100 mile house. His generosity extended itself above and beyond the call of friendship, to invite me up there for a week. I'm taking him up on the offer. He told me he wants me to relax. I certainly need to get away from all the busy-ness in town, and sit somewhere near the water and read a book or six.I've taken a "Medical Stress Leave" from work, compensated by Medical Employment Insurance. The drama happening at work (which I'm sorry to say, I haven't posted in here, lets just say it was shitloads...) as well as the emotional wrecking ball which is my relationship status and finances, had finally taken its toll. The doctor actually classified it as "Situational Depression." Where a few months ago I felt "Soul weary" now I feel utterly lost.Lost in myself, and lost to myself.I found myself sobbing Wednesday night without anything to stop it. (not crying. I mean serious, heart-wrenching sobbing. I'm sure Tom, my next door neighbor, thought I was dying or something... It wasn't pretty.) I've only ever broken this way one time before, when I was seventeen, working in a factory, and a girl on the line I was controlling the speed on, seemed to have some sort of emotional meltdown. I blamed myself for it at the time, because of the speed I was moving the equipment. Thankfully, I had my Father there to console me.I called Norm, deciding to try to distract myself. And because he always makes me feel good inside. He did a good job. He got me laughing, and relaxed, and definitely proved his merit as a friend. Not that he had to... But I'm eternally grateful. He might not have known exactly what was going on, and thought of it as a regular, run of the mill phone call, but truthfully, he was the person I thought of when I knew that everyone else would ask too many questions, and he would just chat me up and make me smile and blush. A very worthy conversation in my humble opinion.Thank-you Norm.The doctor prescribed me some anti-depressant pills, and also wrote me off of work for a month. They'll get rid of the majority of the depression I've been feeling, and they'll also kill my sex drive.Quite frankly, maybe that's something I need as well.One month away from all the bullshit. One month to gather my thoughts, and find myself a little more as a person, and the last two weeks of it are going to be creating an updated resume and finding myself a new choice of occupation. Honestly, I don't get paid enough to deal with the garbage that floats around my work.I'm not a weak person, but everyone is weak sometimes. Lately everything has been eating away at the foundations underneath me (Not in a good way.) and has left me tottering on the brink. Between sanity and insanity, or maybe just leaving me with the feeling of a complete lack of control with my situation. Being a control freak, that is pushing me past my limits. I'm trying to take Dave's advice and just "Let it go." but it'ssodamned hard.My memory is shoddy lately, My hands are shaking... Most of the time just a small tremble. However, that is what is scaring me the most. It's never affected me physically like this. Ever. I can't get a full solid night's sleep anymore, I get overwhelmed with anxiety, and I'm taking my frustration out on people that don't deserve it.My apologies. Seriously. I don't like who I am right now either.I miss being the person that looked approachable, instead of this woman with a gruff hard exterior, the bravado and bluster hiding this wounded inner being. The last time I felt "happy" was at Spain's fireworks display with Ryan, where I teased the firemen walking about before the show started, sang the "Hari Krishna" tune (you would have to hear it to understand what I'm talking about...) that he and I made up and always jokingly sing when they parade through like so many diapered, salmon-pink clad clowns, and the sight of those huge, shimmering, golden explosions in the sky were so beautiful that I actually had tears in my eyes. Granted, that was only a week and a half ago, but I think someone should be happy more than once in three months.I really have a hard time having my instability so damned visible to everyone else. So visible that my Boss sees it, and chooses to exploit it.On another note .My condolences go out to Devin. We've been through some seriously rough times, but he recently lost a dear family member. As angry as I am over him treating me unfairly, and not giving me closure, he deserves some sympathy over this.He could even get angry with me, for doing this, but you know what? To hell with it. I'm not doing this to disrespect Darla. I'm doing this to show my respects for someone that led a long life and that obviously meant something to someone that I care about. I would do it for anyone I know. I've been angry with him for weeks, and I have respect for him even if he can't show me the respect that I deserve. I still love him in my own way. I miss him terribly as a friend. If that makes me a fool, or a masochist. Whatever. I don't care anymore. I never really forget the people I loved.I'm sorry for your loss Devin. I've been in your shoes regarding my grandfather. I still miss him, and it pains me to know that I have a hard time remembering his face and voice now.In MemoriumDarla Raye Thompson 1929 - 2004
					 						 Seems that no matter how hard I try, I inch forward and lose three inches of progress in the process.Is it like this for everyone? Gad, I hope not.						 
					 						 Well, hey now!I guess my passion for writing, is paying off. Literally. I was commissioned to do a profile on a website for a Canadian professional comedian who is located in the Vancouver area. Not too shabby. I just wish that when I met him today to get the gist of what he wanted, that I wasn't so damned quiet. I'm always so nervous and shy when I meet someone for the first time. I'll post the link up here when my writing is up and available on his website. I hope he likes what I've done. And hey! I get paid for it!Sweet.I'm still sick, but theSMOKING HOTdoctor at the clinic (Damn, too bad he was married. He's over six feet tall, brunette European. Lucky wife. He was even flirting with me.) prescribed me some antibiotics, and they should be kicking in anytime now. So until then, it's Advil and LOTS of sleep and liquids.I want to go play doctor and naughty nurse. I even have the outfit, damnit.As for the weather.SMOKING HOTyet again. It's almost unbearable. I usually never complain about heat, being accustomed to working around ovens, but this, is unreal. Elizabeth had the balls to ask me if it was "Hot enough for ya?" Whilst I was roasting in the apartment, after my meeting this afternoon. Yeah. It's hot alright. :P Fat people are making their own gravy, it's that damned hot.I was teased for getting home so quickly, to which I responded that my pasty-white, French Canadian skin would crisp quite nicely if I stayed out in this sunshine too long.Hmm. Crispy skin AND gravy? Hell. I'mKentucky Fried Chicken with a side dish. I picked up a couple of CD's and a DVD on the way to the Doctors, I purchased,Aretha Franklin "Best Of Aretha Franklin, The 60's"(It'sFABULOUS!!!!)And also the best ofBig Sugarentitled"Hit and Run."a kickass Canadian band from Ontario as far as I could find.Reviews on these CD's coming up in the next little while after I've dealt with this writing commission. The movie I picked up is"School of Rock"withJack Black . It's a highly enjoyable movie. At least in my perspective. I think the part that I like the most, is the way he teaches the kids the History of Rock 'n Roll.(He teaches them more than just Rock and Roll, however. At least according to the blackboards he's pointing at.) The kids seem to enjoy themselves thoroughly with him. The DVD extras apparently have the lessons available uninterrupted. It's very neat. I plan on sitting down and "edumacating" myself fairly soon.						 
					 						 Just looked at my profile for blogger.com, and happened to notice that I've written about 16,577 words in two months. More with this post.Holy Moses.That's a lot of typing. Maybe I'm in the wrong field of work.						 
					 						 Yeah. It's Strep throat/Tonsillitis. Yippee-fucking-doo-dah. Cripes. I get it every year. No matter how many times I beg the Doc to rip the fuckers out, He says I have to get it eight times in a year to get them removed.Eight times in one year?I don't think he realizes how much of an inconvenience it is to have Strep, or how expensive it is to get antibiotics. I've developed an allergy to penicillin, so I have to get the secondary substitute for it.(Erythromyacin.) It costs twice as much. And there's also the fact that it bloodyhurtsand leaves you exhausted. Not to mention the time off of work. I left work after an hour today, got home, and died in my bed for a good seven hours.A Co-worker this morning told me that she had heard that Strep Throat can lead to depression. Now since I've been feeling under the weather emotionally and mentally, I thought maybe the reason that I was more susceptible to getting it, was that I had been feeling depressed lately. Streptococcus is a common virus, highly contagious, and usually hidden in the virus for the common cold. Since quite a few people around me at work, have been suffering from the annoying summer cold floating about, I decided tourlLink look it uponline. (Scroll up a bit on the link provided to read the beginning of the article from MSN.com.)I wish I hadn't.(I always say that, damnit.) Not only is Strep linked to depression, but also Terets/Tourettes syndrome. So, If I start randomly cursing at inopportune times, and saying ridiculous things,(Not like I don't say ridiculous things already, but something a little more out of the ordinary I would think...) Let me know, OK?Murray was saying he thought I might have Mono, which is associated with streptococcus as well,(Now, THAT would suck.)since I wasverytired for a long, long time a few months ago and it still hits me every now and then. However, I've been sleeping more, so that should help. Y'know, I do recall joking about having it, in a previous post of mine. That could be possible, but I doubt it.I amnota hypochondriac, at least I dont think so, and most of the time would ignore a mild illness, brushing it off as an inconvenience, but I've been feeling under the weather an alarming amount in the past six months. I just hope that Elizabeth doesn't get it. Or anyone else I associate with for that matter.Anyways. It's off to the Doc's tomorrow, since I slept the majority of today away. I know the boss is going to demand a doctors note, even though I was obviously ill, sweating and feverish and sounding like someone had stuffed a trumpet mute down my throat. Advil isSTILLa good friend of mine.Shit, fuck, piss!!!						 
					 						 Sick.Not happy.Throat, head, body hurts.Sleep is my friend.So is Advil. Mmmm drugs.Losing eloquence. M'eh.I'll write more later. Prolly in a few days.						 
					 						 Lucread my blog entry for the blues/jazz CD I made from his music stash, and decided to toss in a few interesting facts about the musicians and songs that were included. Any of my notes are inItalics.“There Must Be a Better World Somewhere”was written byDoc Pomusand I think was originally done withDr John.B.B. Kinghas 15 kids, to 15 women.(Holy shit! It should be Busy Boy King, NOT Blues Boy King.)As far as I know he was never married. Though I’m not 100% sure on that as it’s been years since I’ve read his book and my memory sucks.(I disagree with this last statement. Memory is all relative.I can remember things from when I was three years old and not remember what the hell I had for dinner last night. So there. :P) “The Sky is Crying”done by many blues musicians written byElmore Jameswho influenced as many blues musicians as any. Also one of my favourite early blues musicians.Stevie'sversion is still one of my favourites.(I concur.) “Life Without You”was one of the songsStevie Ray Vaughndid to prove he was more then just a guitar player. If you liked this one I highly recommend checking out“Life By The Drop”if you haven’t already.“Peel Me A Grape”I agree definitely boil me a crab. Come on, why would she ask for a cab? It just wouldn't be right when considering the other lyrics. She would want a limo, a cab wouldn't be good enough.(Good. I'm glad I'm not going deaf.)“They Can’t Take That Away From Me”It’s aGershwintune. If you haven’t heard the version byElla (Fitzgerald) andLouis (Armstrong)withOscar Petersonon piano I highly recommend it. Along with any otherGershwintune or anything elseStachandEllaever did.(I actually knew this was aGershwintune, being that my favourite jazz song ofall time, that I'm found belting around the apartment, or work, or on the street for that matter... is"Summertime"also aGershwintune.) Dr John.His Autobiography is one of the weirdest books I’ve ever read. If half of it’s true he’s hands down had the most interesting life I’ve ever heard of. If you ever get the chance to read it, it’s called“Under a Hoodoo Moon”I’d lend it to ya but I don’t have it, been trying to find it for years but every time I find it they want at least $50 for it and I can get it from the library for free. Also worth checking out is“Litanie Des Saints,” “How Come My Dog Don’t Bark,”and“Walk on Guilded Splinters.”A veritable Cliff Claven of information regarding tunes. It's always nice to have a different perspective, and random notes of interest.Danka.						 
					 						 Okay, long time no post of any real significance, or amusement value. Apologies tendered all around. I'm a bad, bad, busy girl. *smirks* Linds' Blues Compilation (Various Artists) I promised a review of the new Blues/Jazz CD of stuff that I picked, and Luc burned up for me.Oh My God in Heaven... This CD, isorgasmicallygood. I tried to stay away from more modern sounding blues, and stick to the gritty, raw emotion filled vocals, grumbly bassed, rock style blues. I think I should have left theDiana Krallout, and maybe the very firstTracy Chapmantrack, because they don't really go with the flow of the music, but I wanted the songs anyways.This is the track listing, and lyrics if I could find all of them: 1. Tracy Chapman -- urlLink "Fast Car" Quite possibly the saddest, most bittersweet love song ever written that I've heard. With the young dream of leaving everything you know behind to make a fresh start and something better out of life, and finding out you were wrong. 2. Tracy Chapman -- urlLink "Give Me One Reason" God, I love this song. Modern or no,the bass line issooosexy. Recognizable in an instant. I do this song at Karaoke quite frequently. 3. John Lee Hooker --urlLink "1 Bourbon, 1 Scotch, 1 Beer" Unbelievably gorgeous song of heartbreak, and the character Johnny, His baby's gone away, he want one bourbon, one scotch, and one beer to get the her off of his mind. 4. Ella Fitzgerald -- urlLink "Mack the Knife"By far the most original version of"Mack the Knife"I've ever heard.She forgets the lyrics and brilliantly ad libs at least half the song. 5. Ella Fitzgerald -- urlLink "Black Coffee"This is one of my all time favourite Ella songs. I acquired a compilation 4 disc set of her stuff as a gift, with 60 songs total, and this song, much to my dismay, was not on any of the CD's. So I got it for this mix. Gorgeous. 6. Etta James -- urlLink "At Last"This is the song that I want to have my first dance to with my husband when I get married. The lyrics are simple and unadorned and very, very sweet. 7. urlLink B. B. King-- "There Must be a Better World, Somewhere"No lyrics for this song unfortunately, at least none that I could find. However, I did find aGREATBiography ofB.B. King . The man is phenomenally accomplished. This is a great tune about how the world can seem to be against you when all you're trying to do is make it through to the next day. 8. urlLink B. B. King-- "Why I Sing the Blues"Basically,thissong, is a history of Blacks and the struggles that they've gone through. Everything from slavery,the trials and troubles of love, poverty, prison, to the black power movement in the 60's and the treatment they receive.(However, this version, seems to be completely different from any other lyrics that I've found online that are the same title as this song, all the ones I've found are pretty much just about marriage.) This song is almost ten minutes long, and a live recording as far as I can tell.9.urlLink B. B. King-- "How Blue Can You Get"A story about a woman that B.B. may have married,but probably didn't. Who was"Evil when you're with me, and jealous when we're apart."seems that she was quite the nasty lady. This is a live version and the crowd goes justNUTSin the background in portions of the song when he wails out the lyrics. 10. Billie Holiday -- urlLink"Good Morning Heartache" Billie has a voice that expresses emotion so beautifully, that it's no wonder she's famous. "Good Morning Heartache, sit down." If you can't beat 'em, might as well join 'em. 11. Peggy Lee -- urlLink "Fever"Not necessarily "Blues" but still, a good song. Everyone I know loves it."Chicks were meant to give you Fever, be it Fahrenheit or centigrade."Damned rights. 12. Stevie Ray Vaughn -- urlLink"The Sky is Crying"Oh My God . Everything about this song is amazing. Guitar, vocals, lyrics. Probably one of the few of my absolute favourites of all times. If they had this at karaoke, I guarantee you, that I would sing it every single time. 13. Stevie Ray Vaughn --urlLink"I'm Leaving You"Good Lord this woman is nasty. I think I would want to send her "Swimmin' with the Fishies" too. 14. Stevie Ray Vaughn -- urlLink "Life Without You"Very bitter sweet love song about love lost, and meeting up with them again afterwards. I originally thought this song wasn't quite what I was looking for in the mix, but it makes up for the stuff about the nasty women in all the other songs. I can empathize with the sentiments in this song. 15. Diana Krall -- urlLink "Peel Me a Grape"Now, I swear in this song, she says "Boil me a crab," and not "Call me a cab." However it could just be my ears, but I don't think so. It's not like she slurs her words. *shrugs* Very sensual, sexy song, but I think it's too modern a style of Jazz to put on this mix. Oh well. 16. Diana Krall -- urlLink "They Can't Take That Away From Me"This song is simply about remembering the things that enamoured you to you're lover. Very well played piano. Nice slow walking bass line. I did this song in Jazz Choir in highschool. 17.urlLink Dr. John-- "Since I fell for You"I couldn't find the lyrics for this song either unfortunately. I included a biography of him. He's got a very unique voice. This song is about being in love with someone that has stopped loving you, and how it's too bad that you're still in love with them when "you love me and now you snub me."That's it. Awesome mix.Thank-you,Luc , for letting me browse your collection of Blues/jazz.						 
Yoz ppl... Juz finished my last paper 1hr 20mins ago~ Dun ask me how well I have done~*Burp* (FYI it's diet coke).... Am looking forward for this moment since last week... but kinda feeling aimless now. I dun feel like writing anything more today~ Tired~ Will juz watch tv till i fall asleep~ Tomolo is another shopping day.. Will update with more pics...
Yoz~ Super sleepy(when am i not??? *shrugs*)Finished watching Charmed on Starworld...currently showing the practice... SLOW~~~~~ There is a new show coming to Starworld...at least i think it is new.. Boston Public... Looks good~ About teachers.... The office is on Central on thursdays... Boy am i turing this blog into a tv guide... *yawnz* managed to finish another chapter of finance tonite. Good~! but not good enough~ Should start on retailing soon...since retail paper is on mon and finance on wed. Argh~ Part of me wanns this to end soon. But i will be leaving for aussie soon after my exams... So much uncertainty~Took some pics with the new fuji last nite while waiting for my parents... These were taken from my garden while i am sitting in the car(windows opened of coz)..... Notice how fast the sky changes... these pics are taken barely seconds apart (I've named this the "Devil's Nostrils" - Be abit imaginative please~ Took many pictures cause my parents told me to get changed without showering as we were in a hurry... BUT~! they came down like 20 mins later...freshly showered...argh~ kena cheated again~Went to uncle's shop to buy more fishes and plants for my fish tank~ Looks so much better now....Some of u might be wondering what the hell my title means~ Well my aunt brought me chicken rice for lunch today (she knows that i skip meals whenever my parents are not around)... I was amazed by how well packaged chicken rice are nowadays. Hence the 8th 'P'... Take a look....I think the bag looks nice(my fave colour is blue)...however, the colour reminds me of another entity~ Singapore Casket~ *double shrug*Doesn't it remind u of a 'bento'?? It even includes a nicely pre-packed chilli...Slurp~ 
Yoz~ Playing with the cam...Uncle Chin playing with his camera~ The flash is killing my eyes~ Though we both feel like celebrities on the red carpet. *Waves*Went Waraku and Robinsons Sale again today~ Below are some pics from our outing today...(Pictures are not very clear cause we forgot to bring the camera and used my PDA instead)Mr Chin's paper steamboat~Nora with her Kimuchi-Nabe soup~My Beef Yaganawa set~Our fave cheese with potato (super tasty..although it looks like puke here)~ Part 2....SHOPPING~ We looked all sorts of nonsense...bedsheets...household..clothes..underwear..toiletries..Both Nora and myself set our eyes upon this nice jacket...but we never buy lah.. $179 lehMr Chin with his Thinsulate snow cap *Super Cute*~Psst: There is also a picture of Nora in a super 'tai-tai' coat...something that makes her look like Glenn Close in 101 Dalmatians~ But in order not to scare everyone.. the picture is hereby *censored*... However, I may consider posting it if there are more than 5 requests. (Please post your requests on the comments page).After about 2 hours of hardcore shoppin~ We went to Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf... Nora wanted to eat her Chicago Cheesecake~...Me and Chin has Ice-Blended~ Well dun ask me for the pics as we were already too tired to play with any gadgets~Gotta go....Ch 8 playing some horror flick~
Juz fetched my mum from the airport. Super tired~ She brought me some stuff from Japan~ I've never been to Japan so I dunno are these special or common~ anyway would like to share pictures of them~Japanese SeaweedBath SaltBody SpongeSuper nice packaging~ And they are much nicer than they look on photo~ Japanese are such packing queens~ Yawnz... Will share some of the pictures (mainly food) my mum took in Japan tomorrow~ 
Aircon on @ 22 degrees and uncle chin is trying to act innocent about it (stupid cold blooded creature trying to freeze me to death~!). Luckily am wearing my new pyjamas from Robinsons~ Quite cheap $29.90 per set. Am trying to get uncle to get one set too. Then we can beurlLink Bananas In Pyjamas ~...SCARY~! Uncle Chin took this picture for me on our way down to collect the pizza~!*SINGS* Banana in pyjamas areclowningdown the stairs...... Today is quite a fruitful day~ Went to RELC to get my Letter of Offer~ Bloody idiots~ Cannot find my letter. Said would call me later in the afternoon but NEVER~ If he never get back to me by tomolo ah... He will get it from me~After storming out of RELC was late lunch @~~ Woo hoo~ Uncle Chin had a kid's Tomato Paste Spaghetti and some fries... Of coz I had my favourite meaty-bolasBought some photo frames. Those 3 for $1.90 ones... damn happening~ AllurlLink bettaspeak 's fault. She intro-ed me to printing photos @ home. And I am now super-addicted liao... Bought 12 frames juz to put pics and give ppl.... Siao Liao... By the way, if you wanna readurlLink bettaspeak 's blog, dun bother~! She forgot her password and the email she registered the account with. So she can't post anything. If anyone has any cures for stupidity, please let me know and I shall be kind enough to forward them to her. *Amitabha* Oh yes...bought a nice plant from Ikea too. Quite cheap also--$5.90 Dunno how long they will last before they mati. But at least they managed to leave the car alive. With this I must narrate a story that happened to someone close to me. Bought plants, left in car, 'chao-tah'...PERIOD~ Dun need to mention names...we all know who~ *points finger*Next stop~ Robinsons department store~Wanted to buy quilt and sheets to bring to Aussie~ But Robinsons members got additional 5% rebate. So wait for mama to come home then buy. But we still bought other stuff lah~ Bought a set of pyjamas (see above), a V-neck 100%lambswool sweater (was $99 now $29).. a pair of chinos pants ($13)... I love the Great Singapore Sale~Dinner @ Sento... Eh no~ the changed their name to WARAKU~ Pui...awful name... But food is still as nice....Had out usual Cheese with roe and potato~, cutlet set, kimchi nabe~ Sorry the pics not very clear cause taken using my samsung~(the camera's in the car and both of us too lazy to walk).Kimchi Nabe is Super Shiok~ (Ps: one ah beng sitting behind uncle chin was overheard telling the ah lian girlfriend... "Oei, we order one Kani-Nabe to try...) I almost choked. Alamak...This post is getting too long...still got alot to talk. But maybe will leave it till next time cause is 0043 now and uncle wanns to sleep. And for your information, my blog is not just about food~ It includes shopping too ~ *Wink*Nitez... 
*Burp* *Burp* *Burp*This is all due to the above mentioned food. Forgot to take pics of my famous baked potatoes before I finished them. Too bad.... ~! As for the Dove chocolates, blame Nora. She gave them to me. *points finger* This woman must be enjoying herself in Bali~ *grrr*Found this picture sitting in my hard-disk. Added abit of sepia effect to it. Was originally black and white though. Taken when Nora first bought her Fuji... It was taken at my uncle's house...On his couch...super hiao trio~ wad more can i say~It was a super wet day. Went Harbourfront for pasta (Carbonara with X-tra cheese) before going to NUS to HSS Library.. Nora lah~ machiam going to Bali without me is not evil enough. Still make us go to HSS borrow books for her... Somemore must cart to the photocopying shop. (I won't say which one, scar-li the publishers are reading) Then went facial with Uncle Chin then dinner wif papa then home...then supper... Again NO WORK DONE~ JIA LAT~Oh... found another pic taken during BIG WALK 2004... Uncle Chin looks so much like the last emperor~ PU YI~ *Ryuichi Sakamoto's music playing in the backgroud* and he even has two chamber-maids by his side. But the auntie on the left machiam look lost... suggest she dun wake up so early the next time...somemore never wear uniform~ No wonder never win car... But remember our date. We are joining the competitive walkers next year. Yoo Hoo.... Dream car here we come~ Hopefully next year's first prize is a mini then maybe uncle jason will be more motivated to join~Oops...uncle chin sleep liao...with his specs on and a book in his hand.... he wanna read in his dreams i think.... better go offand try to sleep before he starts snoring. Once he starts... i can say bye bye to any beauty sleep. Yes~! Beauty sleep. Facial auntie say...must sleep well then can be beautiful. "I think (i am a hottie) therefore i am" Des-gust (2004)
Oh Yes~! Or rather ...OH NO~! After a week long of my so-called DIET plan.. ________ (Fill in the blanks yourselves) I dun have to say much. I'm sure everyone knows me well enough by now... I had my fave burger (refer to title above)... Although I had to wait for them to deliver it to me. I did not complain as nuthing beats a hot, fresh-from-the-wherever B&T. It was so good that i totally forgot wat i was there for in the first place... I was supposed to be studying for my final exams. Well as i would usually say... there always tomorrow...hahahaOMG~ This looks so good i am hungry again.... Uncle Jason: Psst~! Changed your mind yet?Just when i was pledging my loyalty to BK's mushroom swiss when Mac introduces the B&T~ Of course they must pay much $$ to uncle Jason... He was the one who kinda like talked me into eating the B&T and i was hooked...grr grr... He is partly responsible for my swelling stomach *lol*...Oh ya...miss nora was almost responsible for my big tummy... If not for the fact that these stuff are $12.80 per box... Cut-throat i say~ *BURP*
Super F^&*ed-up.. Was reading my enrolment thingy and realised that I need to bring my letter of offer to Perth with me. And the thing is i think i have submitted it when i paid for my sch fees to the Singapore agent. Emailed them but no reply~ SCREW them~Enough of crap.. It's good to see that our virtual community has expanded by 200%..to 3 person. Dat's a good start. Please spread the word. We aim to reach our 1st million hits by end of 2004 (although i dun think anyne would be interested). But anything is possible when you believe~Have you ever reached your rainbows end Did you find your pot of gold Ever catch a shooting star Tell me how high did you soar Ever felt like you were dreaming just to find that you’re awake And the magic that surrouds you can lift you up and guide you on your wayI can see it in the stars across the sky Dreamed a hundred thousand dreams before, Now I finally realize You see I’ve waited all my life For this moment to arrive And finally I believe in the impossibleIf I reach deep within my heart Overcome any obstacles Won’t let this dream fall apart You see I strive to be the very best Shine my light for all to see Cause anything is possible When you believeI can see it in the stars across the sky (Yeah) Dreamed a hundred thousand dreams before Now I finally realize (Now I finally realize) You see I’ve waited all my life For this moment to arrive Finally, finally I believeI said I believe (ohh yeah) Love keeps lifting me higher (Love keeps lifting me higher) Love keeps lifting me higher (You ought to try it for yourself) (Lifting me higher) Love keeps lifting me higher (Yeah.. Love keeps lifting me higher) Love keeps lifting me higher (Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher) Love keeps lifting me higher (Love keeps lifting, love keeps lifting me higher) Love keeps lifting me higher Yeah..Higher Oh yeah.. Super inspiring song by a super inspiring person~
Juz printed my exam formats from my sch's blackboard~ Argh~ 16 chapters to study...Double Argh~!! Watching some sitcom on StarWorld... Funny but i dunno the title.. Oh.. the title came out...called Still StandingCleaned my room and my sheets are baking under the hot afternoon sun downstairs.. Can't wait to sleep in them tonite... nice smelling (thanks to loads of softeners) and crispy. SHIOK is the only word to discribe.Oh almost forgot, am doing wonder mask now Heading for my swiss rollz once the mask sets... Slurp Slurp~K.H.
Juz when i tot there are no more movies that i wanna watch around and i can finally settle down and mug for my final exams...Looks like a crappy show...but have alwayz been a sucker for special effects~ Maybe i should join this contest rather than having to fork out $8.50 for less then 2 hours of fun~ urlLinkFinally submitted my project today. Which mean i do not have anymore proj for this term~ Phew... But final exams 2 weeks away and i haven started studying yet...spent too much time televisioning and projecting~ (not a good excuse i know)Bought this remixed Shanghai Diva cd... quite cool but some tracks sound weird...maybe because i am too used to the old style...maybe i'm just old... but i onli paid $6 for it so no complains... I love chinatown cd shops.Looking at mac website (the burger place...not the comp)...B&T.... best thing that my uncle ever intro-ed to me... Hungry... Cheezels, Baos, Swiss Rolls or Mac? Cannot decide. Another day gone... F&*^~! 
Watching news on channel 8 and surfing the net at the same time. Came across this super cute picture.... enjoyNews reporting Bits N Pieces on Singapore Idol (*pui*)... they showed 3 contestants preparing for the audition... funny thing is one is butch...one who looks less straight than k.d lang and finally one of the drag queens i've seen somewhere but forgot where (p/s dun freak out~! he is not in drag on tv).... SCARY~!! Think they should rename the show to Mardi Gras on 5... 
For those who doesn't understand what the title means, dun worry coz.. its better not to know. Juz finished the second part of my project. Yawnz.. 2 peanut pancakes and a diet coke @ 9 and i am still hungry....wad a pig~ Must tahan....cannot eat anymore. Warned by doctor then i may be overweight soon. Or am already overweight... since the last time i saw him was months back.Re-watched american idol on ch5 juz now. Amazing how much i enjoyed myself even though results are already known. We r all suckers for the show~ Chain Chain Chain~ Chain of FOOLS~ Enjoyed the show but kinda felt guilty at the end for neglecting my supposed priority--my project. I was only after the show when i found out i was still at the same paragraph since 11~ and my room is in its messiest state~ Double F^&#.... Heres a pic of the state of my room after 2 projects~ And not fogetting~ my fave OSK green tea~ Currently channel surfing~ Anyone knows how many channels does SCV has? How come i can't find one that's interesting enough for me~ Ended up watching retro MTV from the eighties.. Not very interesting ...but entertaining...(laughable)... Channel 8 playing some B grade...no no...make it D grade movie... Some murder thriller.. Linda Wong~ haha.. how can we forget her... the woman who told the whole world she was in the 20s when she was actually 47~ Can't discribe how excited i am about tomolo nite's movie session~ yes~! the wait is finally over. The prisoner of the askaban is here~ My fave book from the series. For those who haven read or have already read but forgotton 99% of the book(u know who u are *wink*) i shall not spoil your fun by giving my full thesis on book 3 here. Watch the movie yourself and if possible...read the books....there are more interesting details in every book as compared to the movies. You'll find more stuff everytime u read. DO NOT ask me how many times i have studied the books and watched the movies.. It'll scare you~ Promise~! 
Went to the concert half expecting her to sing badly~ She kinda lost her crystal clear voice after childbirth~ Maybe the cigarettes are responsible~ I dunno~ But the concert was fab. She managed to do all her vocal somersaults for her difficult songs although they seemed less effortless then before... In the past, she used to breeze through her singing but last nite, she looked super-strained...... Luckily i quit smoking~ Woke up @ 11 this morning... Super good sleep~ Although my eye is still swollen...In fact it has gotten bigger. But i feel so much better. Super good sleep~ haven got such a good sleep for a long long long long long time.Went Heartland Mall got some groceries (i.e. Diet Coke supply) and charsiew rice plus some chinese peanut pancake..... Burp~Argh~ Project due on th 8th~ F#&*~!!!! Then again~ A man have to rest~ Time for nap~ I know it is super unhealthy and fattening to sleep right after a meal~ BUT WHO CARES~!*SNOOZE MODE*
First day posting here~ Wonder if i will ever share this blog with others.Came across many blogs done up by frenz. Some are really impressive~ Some are mediocre~ But one thing in common~ Lots of them like to use flowery sentences and big words that u dun usually here in real life conversations.... INTERESTING~ But u can never see them on my blog.... Cause I dunno how to speak like that, not even to mention write.2nd of June, important day on the calendar of 2004... One of my frenz taking over a printing shop today. But more importantly, Madam Faye Wong, my idol from my childhood/teenage days will perform here at the Singapore Indoor Stadium tonite and this will be the first time i'll watch her concert live. Met her in person a couple of times before but never attended her concert. Some kind of fan~! Juz chatted with a fren on MSN. He said he too will be going for the concert and will be fully equipped with light sticks and whistle~ Gawd~ Am I getting old or what?To contradict my point of feeling old, I am currently at Chapter 4 of the 2nd book of the Artemis Fowl series.... The Artic Incident~ Was introduced to this series after overdosing myself on Harry Potter books and DVDs~! Oh BTW will be watching the third installment at Lido this fri... Artemis Fowl proves to be harder reading than the whole Harry Potter series combined. Much concentration is needed or I'll have to re-read the whole page. This tells u alot about the standard of my english~Nap Time~ ******* To be continued******** 
a fren brought me to fremantle for coffee on sunday~ super crowded~ didn't take much pictures coz basically...nuthing interesting... cept for this nice doggy in the truck infront of our car~and some salah signboard~of coz there is this one that reminds me of a particular someone~ not onli becoz of the name, but also wad it sells... make a guess... wad does valerie a.k.a bett likes to buy most... yeap~! SHOES~! this woman onli has 2 feet but have enough shoes to dress the whole NDP'04 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ went for some twilight city tour organised by the school yesterday~ aww super boring... but we stopped by the beach to watch the sun go down~and it all happened in 5 mins... amazing~-------------------------------------------------------------------------------Today is go kart day.... sorry no pics coz too busy playing~~ yippee~ organised by one of the sch clubs... A$20 for 30 mins of road rage and bbq lunch @ south perth~ shiok~ although we could barely cook the food as it was super cold~the view from our bbq pithere's the 'food'... as valerie would say... SCARY BALAH~ some gerls even commented that the chicken wings weren't showing any REACTION after 30 mins~ i think they expected the wings to start dancing in the pit~nice singaporean gerl trying to cook portabello mushrooms in the freezing wind~super tired...although it's onli 1945...feels like 2200 already... we are visiting the mall tomolo for night shopping~one of my classmates mentioned that we are like country bumpkins/farmers... and is excited everytime we 'jin cheng' (enter the city)..sleeping time... 
Harlow people... Finally got the internet up yesterday... Phew.. survived 4 days without internet... Using the sch server from my dorm... Super troublesome... Must login everytime I open internet explorer....anyway... here's a condensed version of the happenings (unhappenings rather)... &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;19/07/2004: My first glimpse of perth. Rather unimpressive I must say... 
been busy packing my clothes to bring over to aussie~ It's really hard to pack with Mr Chin screaming at me...Nagging that i am bringing too much clothes...blah blah..."u r going to study..not fashion show" nag nag nag blah blah blah~Yeah...been busy ipoding too...transferring songs so that i do not have to bring any cds over. currently @ 4000 plus songs and still counting..~Me & Chin had pizza for lunch on thur... then dinner wad pizza leftovers and fried eggs~ Hungry?~ 
***01 July 2004*** Super hectic day. Have to be at RELC @ 0900 to enrol for classes for next semester and be home by 1100 as my flight to BKK is at 1300. Madness but I made it on time. Reached the hotel at about 1500 BKK time. Phew~ We are at the top of the hotel (Executive floor) No wonder they call it the executive floor. Super glam~ Even have DVD player.Even toilet also glam~Went shopping and prayers @ the 4-faced-buddha~ then went massage....$16 for 2 hours. Post massage supper was @ a roadside stall near my hotel~ Lunch @ MBK Food Court~~~ Braised Ducky Kuay Teow~ About $1 a bowl...(Air-con food court hor)Mango &amp; Papaya Salad~ ($1.40) per plate Supper @ road side stall in Chinatown~Notice how 'road-side' we were.... Imagine eating with vehicles brushing across ur butt every now and then. *interesting find*notice how ronald macdonald adapt to the local customs....SAWADEE~!Bought lotsa stuff~ Too many to show here.... NAP TIME~
Harlow ppl. Sorry for the super long break~ Someone even accused me of losing interest in blogging.... anyway this is a consolidated one~ ***Warning! Graphic Intensive*** Best read with an empty stomach.... ***17 June 2004*** Dinner with my parents at Waraku (the ex-sento. Went there with the intention to use up my $50 voucher but ended up with another 2X$20 voucher as it was their opening special. Argh~ it's a neverending trap~My dad's fave Unagi Bento~Not forgetting the famous KIMUCHI NABE~ ***24 June 2004***Post exam lunch @ Suntec with Nora & Uncle Chin...We wanted to eat @ rice table but somehow ended up @ Kuali~ Nice food and good spread... Meet the rojak jock: "Ah Di ah! Ai Hiam Mai?" Ah Seng & Ah Huay~ (Need I say more?) We went funan after lunch to shop for a mp3 player for me to bring to aust. Proposed to walk there via citilink but was immediately overruled by both of them. We ended up driving there. Aiyo~~!Shop for quite awhile and guess wad i eventually bought? No prizes for the right answer!My precious~~! (I mean the ipod.. not the gollum lookalike!) Dinner was @ Hotel Royal. It was some Peking spicy steamboat buffet... With juicy fried chicken wings and peiking ducky~Me with 2 aunties~!***27 June 2004*** Seafood dinner @ home***28 June 2004*** Waraku AGAIN?~!Yeap...kena suck into the voucher trap~ It is raw tuna...not pork~My usual set~***29 June 2004***This is wad u get when u try to mess with Dong Fang Bu Bai~***30 June 2004***Lunch with Nora~
Well.. School started since monday... thurs and fris are most most relaxed days~ Phew~ There's alot of differences between studying here and in Singapore~ No doubt it's the same degree offered by the same school, there are NO homeowkr back in SG~!!!There are much tutorial homework here...Argh~ Geez~! It's raining again~ The winter is cold enough minus the rain and the cold is sufficient to dampan anyone's spirits and the rain makes it even wetter~ Luckily I have my Ipod with me~~ *Tang Na is currently screaming in the backgroud*I must complain once again~ Not only the food is expensive here, they taste awful~ Even the lousiest coffee shop stall in singapore serves better food~ *Switched to Stephanie Sun's YU JIAN now~*Oh ya... bought 3 school textbooks yesterday for like au$200 plus... supposed to buy one more but my china classmate says she'd lend me hers... (hers is currently out in the open sea, wonder when it'll reach).. I would have bought the book without waiting for hers if not for the fact that that bloody black n white textbook costs au$100 here~ Oh yah.. for those techno savvy ppl out there... 3G fone is huge in aussie (wonder why singapore hasn't caught up with it... hello Lee Hsien Yang~??) I bought one for myself... one so big that i laughed at myself for buying it... U can look at iturlLink here .There are smaller versions.. But the LG one looks too much like my Samsung~ So since i wanna get a 3g fone. I think i should get one with thousand n one functions. Juz dun answer the fone without my bluetooth earpiece. I will look awfully stupid. Trust me~! It's Huge~ but super big screen~Uncle Chin said I bought it on impulse.. Maybe he is rite~ I dunno & I DUN CARE~ It's so boring here~ Woke up @ 0730 today...went for tut till about 10 then came home...slept till about 2.. did some research then cooked instant noodies.. it's 5 now.. but i swear it looks like 7 in singapore!~ gloomy weather... watching the cars go by... stoning in my room (with heater on)~ safe from the cold.. no pictures to post lately.. mainly becoz i alwayz forget to bring me camera out~ but will try to take more picture this weekend (dat's if i get to go out)~Lastly... to all the Harry Potter fans out there. I think thisurlLink video clipmight interest u. It's definately worth the watch.. If the link is down~ please email me... I will send the video to u. Miss ya all~K.H. 
					 						 Today I realised why a sleep routine is SOOOO important for me. I woke up at 7am (was woken up anyway) and actually got up and took my meds and everything seemed to go really well.So I've had a really great day as far as bp goes even if I did spend half of it at the doctors. Apparently (according to WD) I get aggresive if I don't eat at regular intervals (I'm hungry!) so doc says 'eat regulary, just hypoglycemia'.I made enquiries today to enrol is an Australian Druidry course. As they are connected to the Order back in the UK they have access to a lot of materials I could never see otherwise and I am very keen to do this. I feel that it is the right time to continue my studies. I have been opening my mind by doing tarot readings every few days for other people and I have now progressed to doing them for people I don't know or meet except through email and I'm doing better than even I expected. This more than anything confims that now is the right time to move forward. 						 
					 						 Well I have actually managed a week of posts! I am feeling very proud of myself :)Today is my 'therapy day'. Basically along with everything else I also have 'anxiety disorders' (whats wrong with not wanting to talk to people?) and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder ( gee I'm crazy cos my socks go on before my shoes.....everyday!).So I get to go to therapy every fortnight to devise 'strategies' so I can 'cope' with the 'situations'. What therapy REALLY is, is 1 hour of me rewording everything the therapist says so it sound stupid and messing up his whole session. Every week I TRY to be good but it never happens.Anyway, today he decided that while I'm packing to move I need to throw out some stuff (OCD issue). Like He is a genius! What did I JUST tell him I'd been doing all weekend? I could talk to a mirror for an hour and get better therapy.I also did my bowling today to make up for Sunday and just wasn't in the mood (therapy day can do that to you) so I sucked. Only 1 game over average.And for those that can't tell most of my post today is made up of frustrated sarcasm ;)						 
					 						 Nothing in this world is real.The pain is not even real. it is only the grieving of the death of the illusion. Nothing matters. It doesn't matter if I live or if anyone else does. We don't exist. it is all just a delusion. The relationships we are are just figments of our non existant imaginations.Why should we even bother to try? Everything ends anyway, why let anything begin? Why does it hurt so much to cry when the pain is not real? Why does anything pretend to exist? If nothing exists then bipolar doesn't exist so I should be happy, but I can't be because emotions don't exist either.This is my head today. Welcome to my delusional insignificant mind. 						 
					 						 I really do enjoy the days when I don't see anyone. Its not that I'm a hermit its just that if I don't see anyone I can't upset anyone.WD is away at his parents place for the weekend and due to last nights migraine I cancelled ten pin bowling today. So I spent the day packing for my move (two more weeks!)and catching up with the happenings in the online world.A day like today is very calming for me as there are no stress factors to trigger my bipolar and I can just be me for a day.I have been planning for a couple of days to define what I believe within my path, so here it is.I believe: 1. That everything alive has a spirit which is connected to the spirit of the earth. 2. there is a god and goddess as the universe must have balance and so they are of equal importance. 3. this god and goddess have different roles and names as the seasons rotate 4. seasons are extremely important as they define how the spirit of each organism is reacting with others.This is the main underpinning of my belief. There is of course much more but it would take me days to write everything. 						 
					 						 Well today went much better for me.Not too much problems with the meds and I spent the day with one of my brothers. He is 14yo so at the right age to be able to do things with that we both enjoy like going window shopping and seeing movies.Today we saw Harry Potter. He had been already but had been disturbed through it by other 'patrons' so wanted to go again. I found it to be a really good relaxing time.WE also spent a good bit of time over hot chocolate discussing our beliefs. I explained to him what it meant for me as a Druid and how his path should be something of persol importance to him and not just to go with what everyone else does. He is still at an age for defining what he believes, most of his beliefs are Christian (which I have no problem with) although he is also open to many other ideas. I took him to my local pagan shop and said I would buy him a stone of his choice. He chose a snowflake obsidian then asked if I would instead pay half for him to buy a bracelet of the same stone. He seemed very drawn to it and later he even discussed how good it felt on him, so I feel that even if he remains a Christian he will be an open minded one.The downside to today is that I have a migraine beginning. :( But I wont let that ruin a good day. I'll sign off and go to bed. 						 
					 						 Today sucked!I got up at 6am to do that assignment that I didn't do last night (bad me) and felt ok. Then I took my tablets and had breakfast like I do every morning and BANG! My meds decided it was going to be a bad day.Everything I ate or did made me feel sick, trying to go shopping (for my partner's 35th b'day party) was agony as I'd lost most of my fine motor control (fingers etc) and a good part of my gross motor control (walking etc). Oh and my speech got slurred. Yay.And periodically I get a blast of pain through my head that almost knocks me over.But we did get the things for his party. We are going with a Lord of the Rings/ Harry Potter theme. Basically wizards and magic etc. (SMM & all If I could afford the flights I would bring you all here). I'm planning the whole thing as I really wanted something to keep me busy through the uni holidays.I also wanted to do this to say thankyou to WD (my partner) for everything he does for me and not leaving me (yet!). With all my behaviours I'm not the easiest to live with and he deals with a lot. I don't have a choice about living with Bipolar, he does and is still here, I can never thank him enough.My other plan for the holidays is to begin the next phase of my Druid learning. I'll write more about that tomorrow when I'm not feeling so fuzzy. 						 
					 						 I have an assignment due tomorrow but instead I'm typing here. Welcome to the world of Bipolar. Where your meds make your brain fuzzy and the words just won't come out right.The problem is of course thatI have already had my 2 week disability extension. After this I'll just fail if I don't hand it in, and its not a subject I want to repeat.After having my tooth pulled out yesterday it has been so hard to eat and if I don't eat regularly it messes up my brain even more and I get really aggressive and snappy.For those who know something about bipolar I take 100mg Zoloft and 800mg Tegretol everyday. For those who don't know (most of society) the Zoloft is my anti depressant to deal with low moods and the Tegretol is my mood stabiliser which is to stop me going manic ( a side effect of anti depressants).i'm also moving on July 12 so I have to get everything packed and ready by then. Oh did I mention that sleep deprivation and stress are to the two major contributing factors for a bipolar episode :) 						 
					 						 Well I finally got my 'blog' set up.I'm Teejah the Bipolar Druid. I am a 24 year old University student studying a degree in education. I live in Sydney, Australia.I live with an illness called Bipolar Disorder that affects my moods and behaviours. Sometimes it can be really difficult to live with but my medications are supposed to help with that.The path I have chosen to live my life by is that of a Druid. Even within the pagan beliefs Druidry is uncommon so many people don't understand what it is about and I'll be talking more about that as I travel along through my world. 						 
					 						Well I finally moved and I'm sleeping on the one little part of my bed that isn't covered by 'stuff'. Uni has started back up again so it's getting much harder to sort all the stuff out and put it where it needs to go. And getting online is almost non existant. Our area is not enabled for broadband even tho its only a couple of streets from previous house! So to get the Internet we have to go through all the hassle of a second phone line. So for now I'll be surfing at uni.BP is going quite well considering the move. My moods have been much better lately and I'm even picking up a fifth sunject at uni for the semster. I thought I wouldn't cope with 3. Well it's great to be back, I've missed my little blogger.						 
					 						 My first miss! :(Well Tuesday's mania onset acctually became a s*&t period of mixed state. I hate them cos you kind of feel depressed but have bursts of manic energy and thought but still related to depression topics. So basically I sent WD round the bend trying to follow my moods. he eventually gave up and left me lying on the lounge room floor.Today I was just in a bad mood. Which was not a good start to the day as we were taking 2 5yo (his son A & my brother D)to the aquarium for the day. so we set off with me grumpy and 2 kids with the 'are we there yet?' and 'is this our stop?' all the way into the city (1 hour train ride). then D is crying cos I slapped his butt for swearing. then A is crying cos he wants to sit where D is sitting. The train ride does not improve my mood.we finally get to the aquarium and have some lunch which went ok. Then we went to line up to get in and found the queue was huge. so I ducked around to the group bookings section to enquire as I had "forgotten" where teachers go in (as we go free). So they let me and WD go in free and the kids were too short for her to see and they walked straight past! So we all got in for free instead of about $60. Not bad seeing as our teaching cards had expired and we can't find our new ones........Once we got inside the "experience" continued. Apart from 'pick me up' 'no pick me up' 'i can't see', the first few tanks went ok. Then while we were talking D snuck ahead. NEVER let a 5yo sneak ahead into the CROCODILE exhibit! The exhibit has a croc in a pond and you can view from in front, ground level, or behind from a viewing platform, 12ft up. D had gone up onto the view platform and then had proceeded to climb the glass ie. see through, hand rail to get a better view. WD ran up and grabbed him down (scaring the S%*T out of him in the process) and threatened to throw him in and by the time I got up the top I found a crying 5yo whimpering about not wanting to be crocodile food.With that out of the way the rest of the tour was rather uneventful.of course by the end of the day I had to remove D's soaking wet shirt as his sleeves 'fell down' every single time he was playing in a touch pond (were kids can pat star fish etc). And then came the gift shop. 'I want this' 'but you said you wanted that' 'i want this and that' 'no you only get one'. The highlight of my day was getting out to find that WD had bought me a NEMO plushie to cheer me up. :)The train ride home I don't remember much of as I collapsed at some point between redfern and parramatta. I managed to then prop myself up against a wall until we got a seat at blacktown. it was all a bit hazy anyway.And so here I sit completely buggered. WD & A are having a boys dvd night, Harry Potter I think, and I am left peacefully by myself. 						 
					 						 I'm coming into a time of mania so I won't be posting anything tonight. i just can't concentrate long enough to focus on anything. 						 
					 						 why are we really here?If we are here to learn as WD tells me, then why do babies die? Did they just learn REALLY quick? O r were they only born for the purpose of teaching others?And then why do we die? Wouldn't learning be a lot more productive if we didn't keep dying (I believe in a form of reincarnation)? By the time we are old enough to converse we have forgotten everything we learned last time and have to start over.So then what IS wrong with suicide? Wouldn't I just be helping by teaching others about bipolar if I died? Maybe the statistics (2/3 of people with bp die from suicide/suicide related injuries)aren't bad enough yet for people to learn anything from us?I've heard so often that as an adult I should be in control of my behaviour and thoughts and feelings, then I wouldn't have a problem. Do you tell someone with diabetes to be in control of their insulin? No you tell them to take medication. Do you tell someone with cancer to be in control of their cells? No you give them medication and treatment. BP is causes by my brain chemicals not working the way they should and just like many other illnesses I have no control over how my brain produces or doesn't produces certain chemicals. Thats why I take medication but it can't always cater for my needs and sometimes I will 'act all bp' but tough. Get over it. We have just as much right to live as anyone else and as long as we dont hurt anyone you shouldn't care how I or any other BP acts. 						 
					 						 I was very BAD this morning. WD gave me my wake up call (from his weekend away) and I went back to sleep for another hour. Messes me up a bit for the day.I went bowling and did a good job :) got two games over average. Oh and I got a WHOLE box packed ready for the move! I'm having a quiet night now that WD is back. He took me out for dinner and now we are watching some tv so I best be off the computer. 						 
					 						 I am BUGGERED!I had no choice but to get up early today because a friend was coming to pick me up for work. We got called in to work all day which was good as we have school holidays now and there is no work in school holidays.While I was there my boss asked about what my medication was for and when I told her that I have bipolar she was really good about it. She just asked me questions about it and how my medication affected me. They are really nice people and a great company to work for, I'll be sad to leave them when I finish uni and move away.And so I got absolutely no packing done and I'll have to get up early tomorrow to get a start on it. although then I have bowling, and then monday i'll be tutoring my brothers........well I'm sure the packing will get done SOME time :) 						 
					 						 another early morning and another good day. I was even semi awake this morning when WD did his daily duty and woke me up. I have however had a roaring sore throat all day and NOTHING will get rid of it.So today I collected boxes and packing material for my move (and read my books after WD left). I can't believe there is only 10 days left! Hopefully this will be the last move until the end of uni in 18months time. Its a bit of a chilly night so I think i'll shower then snuggle up in bed with a good book to keep me company as per usual WD is away for the weekend with his son. I only wish I hadn't given him the address for this page, now he can check up on me while he is gone :P 						 
					 						 Another early morning and another great day! Now I just need to be able to wake my self up this early everyday.As I am on holidays and have not much to do (except plan a birthday party, move house.......) I went nuts at the library and borrowed about 15 books (and already had about 10 at home waiting). I can't help it, if a book looks interesting (particularly non fiction) then I grab it, I just LOVE learning. Putting knowledge inside my head and adjusting what I know, assimilating this bit with that bit, proving or disproving theories, I could (and intend to) do this forever.WD is going away with his son (5) this weekend so I stocked up on supplies (food, not books:) ) and then went to work for a few hours. It is the last wek of term so we gave all the kids certificates for how well they had progressed this year. I was especially impressed with a boy. He is WD student learning maths from a program I designed. At the start of the year he could count ok and add small numbers. Now he can add any single digits, count backwards a little, identify numbers before and after a number etc. I was just so happy with him and so were his parents so it made a great night.Then I came home and got a HUGE shock. One of my flatmates was out of the hospital. About a months ago one of my flatmates was in a car accident (as a pedestrian) and was taken to hospital. she is still there with a broken leg, two broken arms, a fractured skull, and some other minor injuries. A week later another flatmate was taken away cos he had had a nervous breakdown. So he is home tonight and doing ok. Its really good. 						 
					 						 Now that it seems to be working again!WD and I were in court again yesterday. Both sets of lawyers came together and discussed it with the registrar. Then they called WD and his ex in to talk about it. The registrar said to her that he is asking for very little extra time with his son and if it goes to trial she will spend up to $15 000 and still lose. Her response was that she had already spent that so far and she still thinks she is right.So now the lawyers have 3 weeks to sort it out and get her to agree or we go to trial in November.Just what we need to be worrying about during semester.						 
					 						 Is this working this time?						 
					 												 
					 												 
					 						I have actually managed to get here a second day in a row! Yay! It's really because I have a reading to email to a client before I go bowling. Bowling is getting hard. My average keeps going up a little each week and it is getting so much harder to beat it. I focus on the maths of each bowl; I need 20 more points and I have 4 frames left so I need 5 per frame to make it etc. that settles my nerves and I always know where I am during a game.I am having so much trouble losing weight lately and I have a feeling that it could be by meds. A side effect of 2 of them is weight gain so it kind of worries me that I may not be able to do anything about it. I need a new script this week so I'll have a chat to my doctor. He says my weight isn't causing me any health problems, all my tests are fine, I should just eat healthy and exercise. I'm just glad I have a partner, I don't what to be overweight AND BP AND trying to find someone. If he can put up with all those things then I'm keeping him :)						 
I just picked up the new ESPN NFL 2K5 at CompUSA today, and it only cost me $20. My initial impressions? The same magic of last year's with some new production values that keep gameplay fresh. I still have yet to delve into the various new modes of play, however, so it's all up in the air. The graphics have vastly improved, but that's probably because I bought the PS2 version last year, whereas this year I bought the Xbox edition.I do plan on picking up Madden 2005 when it comes out in two weeks and doing a bit of a comparison of the two. Of course, I'll need funds for this, and there's no way in hell I'm spending my iMac funds. It's unfortunate that I've been hit by the football fever; I'm selling five of my games tomorrow to pick up NCAA. By the end of this ordeal, I'll have three football games to tote around and call my own.And to think that I'm not really much of a fan anyway. :)
The iTunes Music Store is offering customers a free audio version of the Democratic Convention speeches earlier this week. Too cool. It's nice to see free audiobook content once in a while, even if it will probably almost always be political stuff.In other news, I'm about 2/5ths the way on earning my new computer. With three more pay days, I should have enough for a new iMac, hopefully. I suppose we'll have to wait until September to see what Apple has in store for us next!
 I read your comments on Google's Gmail. You sound sincere. I have some invites if you are still looking for one.  Just as long as you don't sell it on Ebay, I can send you one. I just received the nicest email from someone who apparently was reading my blog one day and decided to send me an invite to Gmail. Unfortunately I rejected his offer. Fortunately the reason was because I had already received an invite! To that person, however, thank you so much for your kindness, and I wish you the best.Which leads me to another "award-winning" review. I was going to save this for later, but I found it the perfect opportunity. So, without further ado,Google's Gmail . urlLinkClick for a larger image Where we last left off, I was in dire pursuit of a Gmail account to call my own. I had tried offering my services, even entered contests, but to no avail. All my methods had failed, and it was then when I realized that I hadn't tried something; people. Afterall, I wouldn't hurt just to ask for an invite from someone in, say, an IRC chat room. So I popped open Colloquy, headed into #adium, and in moments, darkcore set me up with an account. In the words of John Madden... Boom. Immediately after I tried to delete any and all pleas I had made, and then activated my account.galenwiley AT gmail DOT com. So now that its all a reality, was Gmail really all it was hyped up to be? In a word: yes. Yes it was. Call me a drooling fanboy if you will, but my expectations were actually exceeded when I finally got a chance to use Gmail for myself.The first thing I noticed was that it was fast. And I meanfast . Faster than any web mail service I've ever used. But it wasn't just the send/receiving speeds that surprised me; it was the entire process than just seemed to click. Perhaps it was the lack of obtrusive images that usually put my browser down to its knees, but Gmail just has something about it that makes it particularly speedy in everything it does. Whether its adding a contact or forwarding an email, even attachments of reasonably large size send amazingly fast. I can only hope that once the thing goes public, such speed will still be obtainable.Speaking of attachments, another feature of interest is Gmail's capacity. Though 1GB will most likely become a standard in a year or so, Gmail is among the first services to deliver over 1000MB of storage. To most, this is a tad overwhelming. Rest-assured, however, the decision has paid off. I haven't deleted a single message since I got the account, and I don't intend to anytime soon. I may never reach my quota in this lifetime. In a way, Google has offered a majority of its users virtually unlimited storage space.Another feature worth noting is the way Gmail handles reading and responding to messages. The conversation view allows easy reference to every single message in a conversation. When you need to respond to a message, simply type your reply into a non-obtrusive text box and hit send. It's that simple, and more importantly, everything you need is in the same place.Lastly is the Address Book, which, while not nearly as feature heavy as the other parts of Gmail, works surprisingly well. The interface is simple yet intuitive, making adding and viewing contacts relatively effortless. Gmail even has autofill when addressing messages, something you'd really only expect in a commercial email client.Gmail's feature load is high, and you'll find yourself using almost all of them constantly. You can assign messages multiple labels for easy searching, create easy to use filters à la Mail.app, there's even a built-in spam blocker. Google will continue to add new features to Gmail, and with the already large amount of third-party applications available, the experience will remain fresh for a long time.Overall, Gmail delivers in practically every respect. Ignoring a slight problem with refreshing in Safari, Google has done a simply fabulous job.Overall Score:10/10(And to those still looking for a Gmail account, heed my words: you can try entering contests or giving stuff away, but when it comes down to it, the best way to get Gmail is through a real person. Best of luck to you.)
Apple announced some new iPods today, and from what I've seen, they seem to be up to Apple's standards. Something a little surprising, though, was the new click wheel feature. Sure, we've seen it in the iPod Mini, but I never could imagine it being in the iPod original. Personally, I prefer the scroll wheel with buttons topside much more appealing for a larger mp3 player, but Apple has by no means tarnished its name by making the change. More power to them, I suppose.The price drop was another shocker, albeit for the best. I only wish I had waited another six months and got my 20GB for only $300 rather than $400, the price tag which the 40GB now carries. The extended battery life is also a feature I will be missing, although I never really had to use my iPod for more than two hours at one time, really. Lastly are the added features, such as multiple On-The-Go Playlists and Shuffle Songs. These are not crucial, but they add a lot of possibilities to an already versatile product. Buyer's remorse can be a cruel mistress.At any rate, With these new variations, coupled with lower prices and the elimination of the 15GB model, Apple has wowed the competition, proving once more that they are the top dogs in the digital music industry. Will I upgrade? Certainly not now. But if Apple continues to innovate their products, I won't hesitate to buy a new iPod a few years down. Of course, by then, who knows what Apple has in store?
Now that Blogger is done acting up, I can finally resume my endless array of rants, raves, and reviews. For no one to view. :)I'm going to be rehauling everything shortly. I promise I'll make more meaningful entries and cut down on the filler.
Why do they do it? Why do people spend 15 dollars or more a month to play one video game? Granted that aside from free trials, I haven't played any Massive Multiplayer Online Roleplaying Games ("MMORPGs") myself, but I can't help but wonder what compels people to spend their hard-earned cash every month just so that they can play as their Lvl67 Fire Elf without worry.It doesn't sicken me, though. I imagine if I had the hardware and the interest to, I would be more than willing to try out an MMORPG or two. Unfortunately, nothing besides World of Warcraft is even close to satisfying my needs, and that's in closed beta testing right now.My main knack is that there are just too many MMORPGs out there for the genre's own good, many of them incredibly mediocre, or so says the reviews. Sure, once in a while there will be an innovater, i.e. City of Heroes, but almost always its another fantasy based hack and slash, all of which are essentially Everquest clones.As technology evolves, I'm certain the concept of MMORPGs will as well, but for now, I'll keep to my Battlefield 1942s and Unreal Tournaments--great online games without all the subscription fuss.
In related news, I got my first paycheck! 253 dollars. At this rate, I should be able to afford a G5 by the end of the year.I know I said I wouldn't fill this thing with personal stuff, but I did anyway. I couldn't resist. ;)
AppleLinks has posted a greaturlLink reviewof Toon Boom Animation'surlLink Toon Boom Studio v2.5 , an award-winning 2D animation suite recently updated for the Mac. Its a great read, especially for someone interesting in dipping their fingers into the animation biz.Unfortunately the requirements seem to be a pretty steep, with a G4 required at minimum, but this is nothing really new. Hopefully when and if I get a G5, I'll be able to experiment with it. Until then, hopefully others can as well. Check out the review for more info.
Forgive me for ranting, but what's going on with Xbox Live these days? I remember the days when a week couldn't go by without the latest XBL game coming out, but during the summer, its a whole different story entirely. It seems Rainbow Six 3 will be the only game I'll be playing, if not some variant of it (see Rainbow Six 3: Black Arrow).Still, there's much to look forward to in the late third/early fourth quarters. EA will be releasing their online sports lineup, and I can't wait to lay down some MechAssault 2, although that probably will be in early 2005, when I'm already zoned in to KOTOR 2 and Jade Empire.Then, of course, there's Halo 2. But we've all heard quite enough about that, haven't we?Regardless. Late this year/early next year should be a golden age for online gamers. Until then, though, I really have nothing else to play...Maybe I should start studying for the SATs.
I finally got around to seeing the first Spiderman movie last night (thank you very much, Netflix!), and now all I have to do is see the recently released sequel. I've heard mixed messages from those who have seen it. A lot of people say its better than the first, while others say it was the lowliest pile they were ever forced to watch. Regardless, I'll be attending Sunday's showing with an open mind, ready to view whatever Sony/Columbia has in store.A full review of Spiderman 1 will be available soon. First I gotta check out the extras.
That last post seemed to fix whatever was bugging Blogger out.In completely unrelated news, I got an email in my Hotmail mailbox detailing some "changes" to my account. Apparently MS has joined the bandwagon and will soon be offering free 250MB of email storage, in addition to better virus support... not that I have to really worry about the ladder. Its good to see that more and more services are upping the ante to their users.I still would like a Gmail account though... :)
Something fishy has been going on with Blogger as of late. For one thing, I can't delete or edit blog preferences, and my post count refuses to go past 2. What gives?Regardless, hopefully these issues will be sorted out. Apparently they have, but I haven't noticed any immediate improvements.
Something that's been on every Mac user's mind nowadays isDashboard , a desktop widget application to be in included in Apple's latest OS X release,Mac OS X 10.4 "Tiger" . You see, there's a bit of a controversy going on between Apple and the developers ofKonfabulator , an application which, for the most part, serves the same purpose as Dashboard. Is Apple re-innovating the tech industry, or is it simply ripping off ideas from its own developers?To put it simply, Apple is doing nothing wrong or out of the ordinary. If no one built off someone else's ideas, how would we progress as a society? Moreso, Dashboard has been compared to Konfabulator too directly. True, both applications allow users to create and use mini-applications called "widgets"--things ranging from calculators to webcam viewers--in order to better speed up workflow, but the similarities pretty much end there. The two apps use different programming languages and neither are handled the same. Dashboard, for example, is designed as a background application, one that only appears when a button is pressed. Konfabulator's widgets, on the other hand, are made immediately available to the user.This is not to mention that the concept of desktop accessories has literally been around since Mac OS 1.0.I realize I don't make much of an argument, but try to take things by a different perspective. Konfabulator might have created the first widget solution for Mac OS X, but it certainly hasn't created the first solution ever. Up until Dashboard, there had been no competition for such an app. Now that Apple had something similar, Konfabulator's developers have an opportunity to show the Mac community what sets their app apart from the rest. That's competition in a nutshell.For a much more in depth look at the issue, I urge you to read John Gruber's article on the issue at Daring Fireball. A link has been provided at the bottom of this article.Related LinksurlLink Dashboard vs. Konfabulator urlLink Dashboard urlLink Konfabulator 
I've decided to publish an essay I wrote at the end of the school year about downloading music. Please note that I am by no means forcing my opinion on anyone, I am merely stating it. You're welcome to provide criticism if you see it fit. Of course, no one reads this thing anyway.I received an A/A- on this essay, which is roughly a 93%. My teacher recommended I publish it to my local paper, but I did not believe it to be that good. The thesis still needs some work, bare this in mind. And so... The Problem (and Solution) with Downloading Music A report by Galen Wiley	Have you ever stolen something? With the exception of the occasional pen swap at the post office, most people, when presented with this question, would say “no”. In this modern day and age, however, stealing has transformed from a legal taboo to a daily activity. A nationwide survey by the Pew Internet and American Life Project revealed that over 18 million people steal copyrighted music files from the internet every day, and many don’t even know its illegal. Despite its growing popularity and overall convenience, downloading music illegally off the internet has become a major controversy in the world right now, both morally and economically. 	 Why do people steal music? To make it simple, the results are instant, the act is private, and most importantly, it’s free. Honest customers can get in their cars, drive to the nearest record store, and spend anywhere from $10-$20 on a CD. While conventional CD purchase remains the morally correct way to obtain music, it has become too inconvenient for today’s standards of living, eating up as much time as it is our wallets. The trip back and forth between the record store can be a time-consuming manner, and more often than not, a CD will usually include only a few choice tracks that a customer is actually interested in listening to. In contrast, downloading music is nearly instant; its done at the home, and users get exactly what they haven’t paid for. This advantage, however, comes at the cost of one’s values. Downloading music one hasn’t purchased is undeniably stealing, but there’s a huge difference between physically stealing something from a Borders and “obtaining” a digital file from a global network. The former has risks, while the latter, provided the user refrains from “sharing” the file with others, does not.	Nothing, however, has managed to synthesize the legitimacy of regular music purchases with the convenience of illegal services. Nothing, that is, until now. Legal music download services are making their way to the digital lifestyle, and everyone from Apple Computer to Walmart wants a piece of the profits. The concepts of services such as Apple’s iTunes Music Store and Sony’s “Connect” are similar to illegal downloads in that users are given a wide selection of music to choose from (with the same instant gratification), but different in that one must pay for their downloads. Fortunately, users have choices. A customer can purchase full albums for $9.99 or individual tracks from an album for only $0.99 a piece. Rather than paying $16.99 for a new CD at a record store, the user can pay only $0.99 for the one song and end up saving a lot of money. In addition, legal download services compete directly with illegal downloads by offering superior download speeds, better encoding quality, and exclusive tracks, as well as offering a more conventional way of obtaining music. Most importantly, however, such services offer a similar experience to downloading music from a filesharing network, like Kazaa, but operate completely from within the law. Just like any other music redistributors, online music stores split profits between themselves, the labels, and the artists, only selling music from labels they have negotiated which. Downloading albums and songs online has the exact same validity of physically purchasing an album from Wherehouse or Borders; everyone gets their share, and all sales are legitimate. In only a year of operation, legal download services have made significant strides in the industry, outselling even physical CDs in profits. By combining the convenience of questionable services with the quality and fairness of a commercial purchase, illegal downloading has been cut down significantly.	While many former digital criminals, who now find it much easier and much more rewarding to get their tunes legally, have switched over to legal downloads, some are still not convinced. Nay-sayers hardly regard legal download services as a compromise between the companies and the customers. Seeking a reason for their activities, so-called “Music activists” argue that those who pay for music support a corrupt industry, like pawns in a one-sided game of chess. These people claim that the major record labels monopolize the airwaves and severely underpay their artists, keeping a large percentage of album profits to themselves. However, these claims are exaggerated: an artist's fortune comes mainly from concerts and promotions; not from album sales. Record companies need money to support the artists, and this money comes from their primary product offering: music CDs. Refusing to purchase music legally is not only stealing, it also inadvertently harms the same artists illegal downloaders thought they were helping.	The music industry may be treated like a special case, but in reality, it is no different than any other industry. Hypothetically speaking, suppose the consumer base for refrigerators is dissatisfied with the refrigeration industry. Perhaps the company is displacing competitors or charging extra for built-in freezers. Whatever the case may be, the consumers decide to prove a point by breaking in to the local Sears one night and swipe all of the refrigerators. The reseller loses profits, the manufacturer loses profits, and because the reseller can no longer buy refrigerators to sell, the industry falls apart, and eventually, there are no more refrigerators.	Boycotting the music industry will only lead to further complications as time goes on. There are much more effective ways to make the industry suit its consumers than to simply ignore it ever existed. Everyone can contribute to make the musical industry a healthy one. Customers can let their voices be heard by supporting the artists they want to hear, through album purchases and concerts. Even artists not on the Weekly Top 40 can benefit from fan contributions. Concordantly, artists can form personal fan bases, allowing room for feedback and comments. By bridging the gap between the listeners and the creators, the entire industry benefits. And it is only through such active progression that a genuine satisfaction for all parties—artists, customers, and labels—can be achieved.	I am by no means a conservative individual. I welcome change wherever it may happen. But in the case of the music industry, file theft is simply not the answer. Instead of avoiding the controversies, get involved in them. Support the services you prefer to use, and the artists you want to hear. We have only just begun to explore what technology can offer to society. By embracing change, who knows what we’ll be able to accomplish next? The following works have been cited: 1. The state of music downloading and file-sharing online. Pew Internet & American Life Project. April 2004.urlLink http://www.pewinternet.org/reports/pdfs/PIP_Filesharing_April_04.pdf- Galen
Apple's iTunes Music Store has been out for more than a year now, and as the download count reaches the big 100,000, I thought it suitable to look back at how Apple changed the digital music revolution forever.It was a simple concept, yet it was something no one had tried before: legal downloads. Before them, music listeners had two options for obtaining music, a) go to the record store and purchase and album, or b) use p2p software like kazaa to illegally obtain an individual song file from someone else on the net. What Apple did was combine the two into something that combined the best of both worlds; the legality of conventional purchase, with the convenience and ease of use of illegal downloads.But Apple did more than just legal downloads; they integrated legal downloads into their award-winning jukebox software iTunes, something that has yet to be duplicated properly even after a year's time. Since I discovered iTunes 3 during my switch to OS X, the app has always been my music player. I had only a few albums at the time, but I imagine it wouldn't have made much of a difference if I had 100; the ripping process was a snap, and in moments, I was able to listen to my music on my computer in any way I wanted to.However, when iTunes 4 came around the corner, things changed for everyone. Rip Mix and Burn soon became Rip, Mix, Burn, and Purchase, and I can speak by personal experience that the service has nearly tripled by music collection. And the best part? Everything you need is in iTunes from the get-go.There are so many things that Apple has done to put themselves ahead in the market. Free downloadable singles every week, for example, allow users to freely purchase a single from an eclectic variety of up and coming indie artists. The recently introduced iMix has stirred up huge success. Publishing an iMix is as easy as creating a playlist, and browsing one is even easier. Radio and record charts give immediate access to what's hot in the industry now and what was hot decades ago. The list really goes on and on again.Its true, I'm speaking from a Mac user's point of view (I haven't even used Napster 2 yet, arguably iTMS's only real competition), but I feel that what Apple has done is amazing. And so, as it approaches to big 100,000 downloads, I wish iTMS the best in years to follow.Related Links urlLink iTunesurlLink Apple 
Gmail: It's the latest thing out there in the tech scene, and I want it. I want it a lot. What's the deal with Gmail, you ask? Well, unless you've been under a rock for the past month of so, you'd already know by now that its Google's solution to web mail. Fast transfers, an innovative "search" feature that basically eliminates the need for moving messages, a new an innovative conversation view when replying to messages, and to top it off,1GBof storage.What's preventing me from getting gmail? The same thing that's preventing a lot of people... an invite. You see, the service is still in beta stage, and Google likes to keep their consumer base as small as possible. That's why they use invites to gradually accept new members. What happens is, if someone with Gmail uses the service long enough, they have the opportunity to send an invite to a friend to use the service. Now, I have a fair amount of friends who use the service. The problem is, none of them have invites. Well, that or they just hate me and aren't giving me them, but I suspect the former.There are, of course, other methods to getting a Gmail address. One of the leading alternatives is a website calledGmail Swap , which allows potential gmail users to offer up all that they can in exchange for a gmail invite. Its worked for probably a few thousand people so far, but the competition is pretty fierce. Not to mention that the place is vulnerable to all sorts of scammers and weirdos. I tried it twice and gave up shortly after.Then there are the methods based on choice- random number or letter generators. I've actually won one of these, but it's been three days since I sent in my entry, and I suspect something didn't fall through.So what else can I do, but wait? Oh, woe is me.Related LinksurlLink Gmail urlLink Gmail Swap 
Creative commons has been around for about a year now, but it remains a fresh idea. What is it exactly? In one word: copyrighting for the people.urlLink Read more .Related LinksurlLink Creative Commons 
 Counting the days down to Halo 2 have been made just a little more bearable.I've noticed that when I'm using my friend's Macs, they like to scatter icons all over their desktops. Maybe if I had more screen estate, things would be different, but I can't stand seeing cluttered icons on the desktop. I guess I'm just a tightwad like that.
I was perusing the net for Simpsons OS X icons today, and I foundurlLink thison Google. Basically, its an up to date comparison of Windows XP and Mac OS X, covering every topic from the login screen to system tools. The website is also surprisingly unbiased in its methods, something you can't say about a lot of places out there.If you're still pondering on which OS is right for you, or if you'd just like something interesting to read, check out X vs XP for more information.Related LinksurlLink X vs XP 
It happens once every year: a new Simpsons DVD is released, and fans everywhere are sent running to the stores in hopes of being the first kid on the block to get their hands on a set. It happened with Seasons 1-3, and it's happening again with Season 4, FOX's latest offering in their Complete Simpsons DVD lineup.Before we delve into the specifics, lets get one thing out of the way: Season 4, for many Simpsons fans, is arguably the best season ever, surpassing both earlier and later entries. While we're all entitled to our opinions, it generally goes without saying that Season 4 is among the best. I personally feel that in all 22 episodes there isn't a stinker among them. With that said, let's get to the goods. Content The Simpsons Complete 4th Season DVD comes with 22, count 'em, 22 full-featured episodes. These episodes include: Kamp Krusty A Streetcar Named Marge Homer The Heretic Lisa The Beauty Queen Treehouse of Horror III Itchy and Scratchy: The Movie Marge Gets A Job New Kid On The Block Mr. Plow Lisa's First Word Homer's Triple Bypass Marge vs. The Monorail Selma's Choice Brother From The Same Planet I Love Lisa Duffless Last Exit To Springfield So It's Come To This: A Simpsons Clip Show The Front Whacking Day Marge In Chains Krusty Gets Kancelled As I've said before, all of these episodes are of the utmost quality. From classics likeI Love Lisa , where Lisa experiences her first relationship with Ralph Wiggum, to such hidden gems asWhacking Day , where the town of Springfield is caught up in controversy over an annual snake slaughtering holiday, each and every episode is both written and acted out flawlessly. EvenSo It's Come To This: A Simpsons Clip Show , the show's first of many clip shows has its charm.Season four marked a landmark for The Simpsons. At last, everything seemed to just fit. Homer's voice had finally matured to what we hear today, and every character, no matter how minor, had finally found his/her place on the show. Some would say the series went downhill from Season 4, and whether this is true or not, the season remains a top contender, despite its original 1992 release date.All in all, an excellent season with a perfect balance of episodes. Video Video quality on Simpsons DVDs has always surpassed that of regular cable, but when compared to other animated releases, it has fallen surprisingly short. This, however, is most likely due to the fact that previous sets had episodes over 15 years old. With season four, the quality has vastly improved, but this is mainly due to the show's constant evolution over the years.In a nutshell, you're still getting video quality far superior to what you would find on TV, and in my experience, I haven't noticed any major flaws in the transfer to DVD. Sure, you might encounter a small amount of film artifacts, but nothing that will really affect your experience. Color is solid, lines are sharp, and in the end, its really all about the dialog, isn't it?For the technology available today, the fourth season's visual quality is just fine, especially considering the fact that each disc has well over 6 episodes; that's over 2.5 hours of footage on one DVD. Audio On the technical side, the fourth Simpsons DVD features the industry standard Dolby 5.1 Surround sound for every episode. While I had no way of testing this out on the equipment that is available to me, this feature seems to be a bit of a mixed bag. While its nice to have 5 channels of Simpsons goodness, its not terribly practical either.Otherwise, sound quality is quite acceptable. Compression is not incredibly apparent, and fans are given a choice of English, Spanish, French, or special commentary audio tracks. More on the commentary later. Extras Most would be happy with just the raw episode footage, but FOX knows its fans well, and delivers another wide array of extras for their fourth DVD release. Back of course are everyone's favorite commentary tracks--one for each episode, with stars ranging from Al Jean to Matt Groening himself. Cast members from the show, unlike Season three, are surprisingly scarce, but in my opinion they didn't offer much in the way of new insider information like the show's crew did.The set introduces some new bonus features as well, such as a multi-angled views showing everything from storyboards to the final product of four of the season's episodes. Also provided are two mini documentaries,The Cajun ControversyandBush V. Simpson , which give fans an inside look at some of the show's most famous repercussions. There's even a brief introduction by Matt Groening in there, although its basically just a visual version of his letter found on the inside pocket of the set. Final Thoughts A wonderful set for a wonderful TV Show, The Simpsons Complete 4th Season DVD set has some of the show's greatest accomplishments, backed up by great extras and superior audio and video quality. You simply can't call yourself a Simpsons fan without owning this set. ScoreContent:10/10Video:8/10Audio:8/10Extras:9/10 Overall Score:9/10Related LinksurlLink Buy The Simpsons Complete Fourth Season urlLink The Simpsons Official Website urlLink The Simpsons Archive 
To whom it may concern,First and foremost, thanks for taking the time out of your busy schedule to visit my blog. It means a lot to me that others have an interest in what I have to say.This blog has been created as a place for me to post my thoughts. What will you find here, you ask? Everything from movie reviews to nonsequiturial anecdotes on toenails. What you willnotfind here is deep depressing gothic poetry, personal reflections on my day, or complaints on the day's biology exam. If you want that sort of intimacy, you should tryurlLink LiveJournalinstead.Without further ado, I implore you to check by often for more rants, raves, and reviews. Thanks for stopping by, and enjoy!Sincerely, Galen Wiley
Hey Allohhhh LORS you got it all rong, this blog is not nearly pointless, it is absolutly pointless....hihihihi......damb u and ur not going to skool ways.......ohhhhh skool is realy givin me this shits now, with god damb exams and butshit SACs and just overall fuckheads for teachers ( and the fact that i dont do any work is not the reason to their bitchyness.......i just dont know y they dont like me....lol...) Anyway today was boring as hell we had a Garage Sale with my family and my Auntie, we sat there for 8hrs and sold absolute shit ( i dont know y stupid ppl buy it ).....ohhhh it was bad the sale started at 8am in the morning and there were all these bagans lining up to get in at 6:30am, it was bad when we opened the gates i thought we were going to see some full on bogan fights......ohhhh but we got over all over $800, my family got about $300 and the rest was split between my auntie, another autie got $100 and a friend of the family got $100 ( we sold stuff for them ).....ohh but it wasnt all bad i got to hang out with my cuzs all day....then i went and watched one of my cuzs play netball ( her team won 43 to 13 ) and perv on all the hotties running around ( hell ye )......Well tomozas going to be ok i get to go see my cuzs again cas its another cuz's 21st....so im just going to get smashed wif my cuzs even though it is a luch party thing.....its ok ill just start at 12 and go through untill 4 in the morning ( i hhave to get some sleep coz i have a SAC on Mon but its last period so ill sober up by then...lol )....... And ohh LORS i dont think we have to worry about HARRY and CHARLIE.......coz that is never going to happen i dont think....sorry HARRY but get some balls and do something....in the words of STIFLER "locate your dick, remove the shrink wrapper and you use the fucking thing"........ok well im offCYA
heythere goes my perfect record of a msg a day ...... damb week ends..... ok well my weekend sucked coz BRISSY lost and lost half their players while doing it.......ARGGGGGGGGG.........skool sucked as usual and nothing else is happenin in my life..........ok thats itCYA
ohhhhKILL ME PLEASE!!!!!!! i had a shithouse day at school nothign fun happened there just a hole lot of crapy classes.......ahhhhhhhh.....and then i came home andmy mum was having friends over for dinner, so me and my sis had to go get food and we made 13 trips to different supermarkets because they didnt have the right food at the other ones....argggggggg.....and then i came back and had to look after this lil boy all night, who just wanted to play Harry Potter all night on Xbox but was scared of the things so i had to play the hole game while he watched.....boring and i didnt get paid and was only allowed to have one beer cas the lil boy thaught cas i had it he could so it was Coke for me....i couldnt even get pissed to get rid of the lil shit......and now im tired as hell and cant be fucked doing anything....... soCYA 
Hey allWow today was a full day...a full day of absolute crap.....maths i hate...bio we sat there and made sure the test were in the test pacs (great work for the exam revision).....accounting i god war craft off LINO...and i.t i made my backgroung for my computer (all you guys are in it)......and thats all....ohh wat fun..... thanx LAURA for the comment, but i know im cute, you dont have to keep reminding me.....my sis went to a 70's dress up party and the wig was a lil bob cut thing, but by the time i got to it the next day it was all messed up but i couldnt take it off, i wana get one and just walk round the city and shit with it on......it was soo mad lol...... ok well i got to goCYA 
Hey allwell went to skool again and omg JOJO got a date for the formal....i think my threat worked.....you know the one from the other post, the one about HARRY that made DILLON throw up and miss 2 nights of sleep......ohhhhhh and also we read a lovely book in lit today about men that fuck cows and the teacher just had to tell us she was related to a guy that has also fucked a cow ( highlight of the day, no seriously it was ) and then had assembaly and NOONAN came and sat next to me AGGHHHHHH talk about scary, and thanx MATTY for making me piss my self while he was next to me i thought he was going to turn around and kill me.... ok wellCYA
Day 2 inside this box.....owwww wait thats just my jumper *pulls head throught the head hole thingy*.....thats better......fuck how cold is it.....im freezing my ass off plu i had to have a double of BIO in that freezing cold room where its already -100 degrees.....Brrrrrrrr......Wow wat an exiting day today was...1st i woke ( i know that was so cool ) and 2nd i went to school ( double the exitment there ) and now im here..."wow lets do that again" Donkey from Shrek.....and if you noobs cant tell im bein sarcstatistic......thats a word like distapeardeded and majigacical.......so not a hell of alot happened today ohhhh well theres allways tomorow....... AGHHHHHHHHH Not tomorow noooo y god y.........thats a school day.....damb this world we live in....ok wellCYA 
Hey Everybodythis is my first post for my journal, before we start if you dont like spelling mistakes, ahem HARRY, you can go get fucked coz ur going to find a hell of alot here... Well today was another boring school day, HARRY's favourite, and as useual i did nothing....ohhh but then i got to come on here and get my head ripped off by DILLON for stealin his sayins on MSN.....and im going to the slamer for that coz Marbles has studied Law for a semester at Monash....sooo ill see you wen i get out....WOW that was quick... So now im going to go on about how good BRISSY LIONS are, this is for you LEESH and how crap COLLINGWOOD are thats for you JORDAN.....hihihihihihi 1-7 whats going on wif em...but brissy are going well but we just have to kick straight or we are going to get killed......Formals coming up and yes DILLON and NOLA you have to come or i will kill you both...and TIAGO you have to find a date or we are going to set you up with some fat chcik or HARRY dressed in a skirt...so get oneOk well i'll try post most daysCYA
Hey PeopleDo you like the name of this post LORZ....hihihih......by the way, even though i already told you......but damb girl......u do look awsome in those pics......Dung's going to be kicken himself ( wink wink nudge nudge )....... Well today i had spiritualalalaittitty day....and apart from Glen Manton giving us a preety kool speach.....it was crap.....and i still have 3 hours of it tomoza......ARGGGGGGGG........ Cant wait till i get to go to BUNDALONG......still about 6-9months before i go but im soooooo exited........cant wait to meet DOC and the Bundy 9.........ohhh and the Bundy Games........YEY.......GO DIL......... ok well i'll goCya P.S Dam girl Dam ; ) 
mmmmmm heywell today i had shity skool wif a twist......crapy classes at the start of they day then fiished wif speeaches from career ppls....i wen to the sports one and cops one...and yey for me i got to get up and say thanks for coming, now fuck off......owwww that was boring.......owwwww another thing yesterday i got a pic of DILLON doing the mclinsky Eatin Leamons And Likeing It face......hihihihi......it is classic.......and LORZ ur going down on JANES site......CYA 
Wow it has been a long time..... ummm lets see wat has happened...... ohhhh had a maths sac that i missed then fucked up the second part of so my parents were cut and i couldnt go to LAURA or HEBA's afterparties GRRRRRRRRRRRRRR.....so im dropping maths if i can YEY.......ummm well i gess u know LAURA went to see Harry Potter with you but it was sold out so we couldnt see it =( but then i got to be an adult and a child wif the triple m peoples hihihihihihihi.....ohhhh and then the best knews of all i found out 2.....yes 2....people want to go out wif me....mmmm lucky me......damb shame they are both about 40, 1 is a male and they are LAURA's parents hihihihihih.......ummmmm.......went to see Shrek 2 tonight that is hilerious....i love the gingerbreads man and the giant gingerbread man.....hihihihi....NOT THE GUM DROP BUTTONS...... well then......oh ye my exams.....looks like i thaught i went well on BIO but fucked it up and ACCOUNTING i had no chance wif that......sooo ive come to the conclusion that im just going to pass yr12.....fuck me enter score off cas i dont want to do any more schooling......and joing the Police or the Army....probly the police cas im more of a city guy i couldnt gop off to the army by my self i dont think.....i would miss SOME of you guys too much.....enfasis on the SOME.....because i dont give a fly fuck about you LAURA.....HIHIHIH.....just playing bubz......im never going to hear the end of that one but you know LORZ who the SOME are dont you.......thoses guys from that school....you know them.......ok well i betta goesssss.... CYA
HEYARGGGGGGGGGG, damn you RACHEL making me walk for 4 hrs, my feet kill now and i have about 5 blisters on each foot.....and after all that we didnt get RACHEL any god damn shoes.......for all you who dont know wat i did today i went ova to RACHEL's and she doesnt like public transport and likes to walk and she needed to get some shoes for the formal, so we started at the corner of Victoria St and Melvil Rd then walked down Melvil to Morland Rd (2-3km) then up Morland Rd to Sydney Rd(2-3km) then up Sydney Rd to Belll St(4-5km) then back down Sydney Rd to Brunswick St (10-15km) then up Brunswick St to Lygon St (2-3km)then down to the end of Lygon St(8-10km) then back up Lygon St (8-10km) then down to RACHEL's house (12-15km) ohhhhhhh i want to kill after that......ok well apart from that i went to school with a hangova yey lol and then had to do a SAC lol....u got to love 21st....me and my cuz just drank and drank... and now i want to work at the anglers tavern because they have the hottest waitresses ive ever seen......i was talking to one of them at the end of the day about getting a job when at the top of his lungs my cuz yells "OI MARCUS STOP TRYIN TO PICK UP AND GET UR ASS OUT HERE" lol i just pissed myself laughin.......ohhh ye after all that walking we still didnt get any shoes for RACHEL.....OMG u are like the richest person i know LAURA...and to top it off you got 25c for a colouring in book.....you now how to sell it lol.......seein that i think u are the only one that reads this blog, all this is for you benifit ( or bordom ), so how ya been...... lolokCYA 
heydont you ppl know......I LOVE LAURA.......thats y i write about her and to her on this site......not because shes one of my best mates and not&nbsp;before JANE put my link on her page she was&nbsp;probly the only one to read it.....NA none of that shit its because im obsessed with her......... who eva you r&nbsp;u r A NOOB!!!!!!! anyway....... im at NICKY's place at&nbsp;the moment and i happy coz im&nbsp;going to get PLASTED in about and hour....YEY..... ye i had a kool time last night...... saw JESS.....YEY....hihihi....... ye but LAURA (there i go again talking to the appel of my eyes...hihih) so many other ppl have said the oppisite to you......so im starting to worry about u and ur crazy, kinky ways....... i think youve change...... if asked you that in the past you would have been like no dont do it....... but now wif your permisques (i cant spell) ways your like ye go for it...... WHATS HAPPEND TO YOU.....hihihihi...... ye well im going to get drunk&nbsp;now.......for you guys at skool who read this......i&nbsp;might be and hoping that i am hung over at&nbsp;skool....hihihi okCYA &nbsp;
hey ey heylets get this setteled... i didnt steal your crapy MSN name....DILL gave that to me.....and for you to think that your important enough for me to steal something off is just hilerious....your deluded girl......and do i care how to spell Lowther Hall no only u r sad enough to pick upo on that u lost case.....so how ya been anyway....do u wana go do something soon.....hihihiye well today haz been boring double SAC then an assembaly....ow wat fun that was.......cant wait for the party it is going to be the best.......anyway i got nothin else to say so im out of here....CYA
OI LAURA......u suck.....steal all my shit......u betta be ready to get ur ass kicked......ok ok u probly will hurt me more than i hurt u but still "IM NOT HAPPY JAN"........... ye but anyway....hey all........ wats happened to me......well i went out and got $200 of new clothes this weekend.......YEY YEY YEY.......that was about all.....and BRISSY killed COLLYWOBBELS and officaly put them out of the finals......YEY......GO BRISSY........ ye well this week is going to be shit coz i got skool but i get friday off.....but then im going out this weekend wif NIKKI the man......to the Lother Hall after party........hihihi thats going to be funny.....im going to piss myself if i see KAIT ( the sluty slut slut HO ) or ELISE ( the sluty slut slut HO's SLUT ) hihihihi........as NIKKI advised just go up to em and be like "Hey SLA LA LA LA LA LA LA TTTTS" hihihihihi........ye but that should be fun......... well ishould be doing BIO at the moment but cant be fucked and im probly going to be killed by the teach because of it but FUCK IT......... ok well im going to go okCYA&nbsp;
Hey you again.....another profile on me.....LAYER ONE: — Name: Marcus Neil — Birth date: 27 November 1986 — Birthplace: Melbourne — Current residence: Strathmore, Melbourne — Eye Color: Blue — Hair Color: Brown — Height: 6'0 - 6'1 — Righty or Lefty: Right-o — Zodiac Sign: SagoLAYER TWO: — Your heritage: 1 16th English ( Manchester ), 1 16th Italian, and theres some Irish in there.... — The shoes you wore today: My black school shoes YEY — Your weakness: fooooooood — Your fears: that im not the sexiest guy alive.....ohh wait i am......fear gone.... — Your perfect pizza: Meatlovers with BBQ sauce and extra chicken— Goal you'd like to achieve: to become a coppa LAYER THREE: — Your most overused phrase on IM: ??? or What was the question— Your first waking thoughts: hey buddy your back again...but i have to get out of bed now so go away..... — Your best physical feature: apart from being the sexiest guy alive.....um my arms and legs are toned and i like them ( thanks swimming )— Your most missed memory: i cant really miss a memory coz it always there in my head....LAYER FOUR: — Pepsi or Coke: Coke....mmm Cherry or Lemon or Lime Diet Coke — McDonald's or Burger King: mmmm its Mac time— Single or group dates: Single — Adidas or Nike: nike— Lipton Ice Tea or Nestea: Dont really want either so ill take a VB mate.... — Chocolate or vanilla: Chocolate— Cappuccino or coffee: Dont drink the shit....so another round of VB's mate.....bar tender "your the only one here mate"......ye so give me a round....LAYER FIVE: — Smoke: occasionly — Cuss: dam fucking straight motherfucker — Sing: all the time.....you are talking to the Aus Idol Wanabe — Take a shower everyday: ye i try.... — Do you think you've been in love: Yes....im still in love....ohhhh sweet food.... — Want to go to college: nope.....cant stand school at the moment so y would i go to Uni.....im going to the police force.... — Liked high school: Ye and No...it has its ups and downs — Want to get married: someday....long way away— Believe in yourself: ye.....as most now im up myself....hihihi — Get motion sickness: No — Think you're attractive: Well im up myself so.....na im a dog dude.....hihihi — Think you're a health freak: fuck no.......food gim me gim me gim me— Get along with your parent(s): at least one of em.....sometimes — Like thunderstorms: ye i love the cold weather....get to stay home watch movies...oh ye POPCORN...... — Play an instrument: VocalsLAYER SIX: In the past month... — Drank alcohol: YEP — Smoked: NO — Done a drug: alcohol, weed, nicatine, wiz fiz.... — Made Out: ye...not the best kiss.... — Gone on a date: I guess you could call it that.... — Gone to the mall?: Unfortinatly..... — Eaten an entire box of Oreos?: No....but oreos are the least of my worries..... — Eaten sushi: ewwwwwww — Been on stage: yep — Been dumped: No — Gone skating: No — Made homemade cookies: ok i like food...but me cook ur joking..... — Gone skinny dipping: Nope.....ohhh the good old days— Dyed your hair: Nope but just got the crapest haircut....... — Stolen Anything: *shifty eyes*.....every girls heart...ohh my god am i up myself..... LAYER SEVEN: Ever... — Played a game that required removal of clothing: YEP — If so, was it mixed company: YEP — Been trashed or extremely intoxicated: Im drunk at the moment i think.... — Been caught "doing something": almost — Been called a tease: no but like every chick is...... — Gotten beaten up: Yep....damn you Laura....hihihi — Shoplifted: *shifty eyes*....... — Changed who you were to fit in: once but it neva works.....i tryed being ugly but to no avail LAYER EIGHT: — Age you hope to be married: 30-35 — Numbers and Names of Children: 2....names???? im a dude....i harldy know the name of the guy next to me..... — Describe your Dream Wedding: In the prk in the city.....ohhhh then have FOOOOOOOD...mmmmmm— How do you want to die: i dont want to..... — What do you want to be when you grow up: COPPA — What country would you most like to visit: Bundalong....England...and Ierland....ohhh ye and Italy....LAYER NINE: — Number of drugs taken illegally: 2 — Number of people I could trust with my life: are there any.......maby you laura but if you had to save me from falling off something i would probly pull u with me.... — Number of CDs that I own: about 30 — Number of piercings: 0 — Number of times my name has appeared in the newspaper: about 10-15 times...go Sport....oh ye and that murder charge...hihih— Number of things in my past that I regret: to many thingsok well thats me againCYA 
SOWY SOWY SOWY...... ye well wat i sed was wrong...and im sowy...... ok well im out of hereCYAP.S SOWY SOWY SOWY 
Hey this is all about me....ye i stole it off u LOZ but u stole it off JANE who stole it off SOMEONE......GENERAL -name? Marcus Adam Neil, Mickey Dee and Dolph Ray (in the porn industry) -d.o.b.? 27 November 1986 -place of birth? Melbourne -places of residence? Strathmore -religion? i dont have one -occupation? a Bernard and a Bogan APPEARANCE -hair? Brown, sruffy but straight-eyes? Blue -height? 6'0 or 6'1STYLE -clothing? Surfy stuff -music? ROCK, but do listen to anything exept classical and country-bodyart? a keg and two man boobs....hihihi -wearing? black underwear and a pair of jeans.... -listening to? Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved -thinking of? why th hell my shoulder is killin me -feeling? sore and happy (talking to DIL...funny man) LAST THING YOU... -bought? a ticket to the movies and a hotdog-did? broke a POT glass...argggg -ate & drank? a penutslab (like nutbreak chocy) and a pot of beer (hense breaking the glass)-read? wat DIL wrote to me on MSN -watched on tv? Shane Crawford Uncut....a lil like BB Uncut EITHER / OR -club or houseparty? PUB if that was one of the choises but nooooo.....so club.... -tea or coffee? Dont drink the shit-high achiever or easy-going? easy going -drinks or shots? drinks (POTS) -cats or dogs? all animals exept small dogs cas they r just shits-pen or pencil? pencil - to draw stuff-gloves or mittens? gloves even though only queer guys wear em-food or candy? CANDY IS A BLOODY FOOD -cassette or cd? cd -snuff or cigarettes? cigaretts -coke or pepsi? coke...Cherry coke and lime and lemon diet coke-hard or mild alcohol? hard wif coke on the rocks-sunset beach or the bold and the beautiful? ummm bold and the beautiful for 'THE DRUGS' song -rickie lake or oprah winfrey? go ricky.....go ricky WHO DO YOU WANT TO... -kill? mmmmmm......dont know -screw- famous? Jess Alba	non-famous blokie? ohhhh how can i go past Jordy lol 	non-famous girlie? prefer not to say....LORZ u know who....u...hihihi -slap? Steave Erwin -hear from? Jordan -get really wasted with? Jordan -tickle? Rachels fun to tickel....but ill say Jordan...hihihi -look like? Ive benn told that i look like Prince William....but it was an old wog lady who i think was blind...hihihihi -be like? I wana be like Mike...hihihih -avoid? once again LORZ knows that one..... FAVORITE -food? Italian-drink? VB -color? Red.....but brown for clothes-album? Songs for Jane - Maroon 5-shoes? my brown Enties-site? Janes-dance? DIRTY.....hihihi -song? She Will Be Love - Maroon 5 -store? Jetty Surf...Strapa Surf.....Genral Pants Co..... -place to visit? i would like to go to Bundalong........neva been anywhere else LAST TIME YOU: -were kissed? by a male or female......lol......2 weeks ago...too long..... -were held? neva im always the holder....im too big i dont think anyone can hold me-cried? about 5 yrs ago-smiled? today -laughed? today -cuddled? my new cat at 7 wen it woke me up after 15 mins sleep-sung along to a song? right now....im an Aus Idol im always singing-danced? a week ago-said i love you? ages ago......ok well thats meCYA
heyye 'The Day After Tomoza' did the same thing to me LORZ.....its freeky......and thank u i knew 'Spiderman 2' would be bullshit.....I can go rub it in OLLIE's face HIHIHIHI.......I get tyo go to both partys now YEY........when do u get back LORZ....coz i tried callin u and u neva pick up GRRRRRRRR........ well my life is boring i just play wif my new kitten i got YEY....its soooooo cute......when i go to bed i opens my door (my door doesnt shut properly and u can just push it to open it (smart cat)) then it jumps on my bed and gets under the covers wif you.....its soooo cute....plus its like having a fury hot water bottle...... ok well im goingCYA
mmmmmmm well wat have i done.....well i went to see 'The Day After Tomoza' with DILLON and then met his phsyco cat that is sooooooo cute and his lil puppy that is crazy......then i went out wif JESS and RACHEL to THE NEXT BLUE, omg did that suck ass, the dj was spaz, he was trying to scratch the record but was doing it in the totaly rong spot......then i went to NOLA'S and we watched some tv and movies and had some YUMMMMMMMY pizza......then got my new pussy cat JOELY, she is soooooooo cute.........thats about it.......then i might be going to DUMMY'S party.....but i have another party on the same day sooooo i dont know where to go......i want to go to DUMMY's to see JESS ( hihihih ;p ).....but then i really want to go to the other one cas ive known the other person for eva and it should be an awsome party.......... I DONT KNOW......... ok im out of here..... CYA
hey you guys well where can i start.....did i write about the afterparty that was yonks ago ye or am i that far behind.....well it was ok....me and NICKY stayed for like 20mins then head back to GEM FRIEND's place and did shit all there but it was an ok night.......then i was fucked for skool coz i got no sleeps........and then had too much homework but in my style....it didnt get done.....YEY.......and then had a boring week of skool only higglight was a techer that was pretty good lookin....she looked like she was about 25 then we found out she's 38 and we're like fuck she awsom (for her age)........then i signed up to backstage for the skool prodution "Guys And Dolls"......so i was at taht all day Sunday....that was kool......got to admit there are some hotties there even tho they r sooo young......all the gals look older than they r......there are ones that look older than me and they came and talked to me and i find out they r like in YR 9 &amp; 10.......BAD MAN MARCUS BAD MAN.......its just freaky.........and then had skool Monday......and the production after skool......once again the gals were cool......(ok imtalking bout the gals alot.....but they r sooooo nice even tho the rumer at SBC is that they r bitches.......and i go to an all guys skool its not everyday i get to hang out wif em like this).......the guys are kool to.......but the gals are beta.......then Today.......had skool again......then production.....and guess wat.....the chicks were kool.......honestly there was a thing at DUMMY's party where i was talking to TAM and coz i was talking to her everyone thought that i liked her.......if that were true look out female cast members of "Guys and Dolls" coz i must love you all.......hihiiihihihi that is such a hoot.........ohhhh and tomoza i get to go the production AGAIN......matenay tomoza so we have the primary skool there....its going to be funny coz the gals have to do a scene in these lil skimpy playboy bunny wanabe outfits.......the kids are going to be like mummy i saw sex today.......lol......lil kids are funny.......ye well i betta go....... ohhhh i forgot something.....i forgot to mension LAURA......ohhh there we go ok CYA 
 urlLinkthis is what life should be&nbsp; urlLink
Sent out some resumes on company time with company equipment... but isn't it the company that is putting me out of work?I feel better now that I have an updated resume and cover letter, but still have a constant nagging stomach/head ache... it only gets worse if I think about it.I need a job.. and quick... but this situation really makes me question my skills.My brothers says I'm a real tech nerd because I have a blog.People don't realize how easy some of this stuff is... i guess i don't either.Leaving work a little early today... need to get jr's hair cut and shop for b-day and grad gifts.Having dinner tonight with the StonyBrook clan at Olive Garden... sinfully good cliche restaurant.... yummmm 
it's funny... i seem to go around in circles... my life is like a venn diagram (is that the word I'm looking for).... my circle with derrick just goes around and around and never completely breaks, although sometimes it's more like an isosceles triange.... and then now hooking back up with HS friends... that's more like a very long oval... it's stretched out so far and thinned out but never went away... you look at all these circles in your life and how they mix and mingle but constantly changing like a kaliedoscope.... my deep thought for the dayBBQ at Scott's was fun, hope it continues and a new social outlet remains constant D asked why I was being such a bitch... does he have to ask... it actually feels good.. but I can't help but feel insecure all the time going shopping tonight.. haircut for jr., b-day & grad gifts, baby gifts
jon called..... again.... e-mailed..... a-gain... sent quick e-mail, very impersonal... so not interested... everytime he reaches out I feel like I'm being reprimanded 
having ice cream & cake tonight at Scott's house for Keenan's B-day.Carol will be there too.Didn't invite Becki - don't want to go there.D coming into town tonight, he'll be home with the kid, and i'll be out hehehe.It's a start.He calls me up last night... "i found my new favorite bar"... like that's what I want to hear... spends 90+ on the horses when he owes me $1055... it figuresgot lots coming up b-day: Karen, Elise, Patty Graduation: Derrick Elise shop for baby stuff.... Things Engraved??must call Jen & Diane....must call PSE&G for 16X, and ask to look at apt.getting excited, moving July 3... yipee!!Mall Wed Dinner for Elise Thurs Grad for Derrick all day Friday G-pas for inventory Saturday Father's day Sunday
so he stayed up late sleeping on my floor watching cartoon network while i was sleeping, then he wets his sleeping bag and my rug, now is throat is too scratchy to go to school... he's punished.tonight is dinner with Becki & bro Steve, the kid will definitely stay home now, Saturday is the Dark Horse to see Derrick, it's been 5 weeks and i haven't even gone yet, i just don't want to run into any unfavorables.... 
Mess?What mess?Oh yeah.... the mess in my mind.Got lots to do.Will a blog help?? 
					 						A little something for you cell phone programmers out there,Meditate on this when you're stumped and about to pull your hair. &nbsp; Developers' superior&nbsp;best,Nokia's&nbsp;smoke the rest. &nbsp;&nbsp; Although they&nbsp;work, &nbsp; Sanyo's have their quirk. &nbsp; Cheap and loosely fit,Motorola's are nothing but sh!*. &nbsp;Too many hours will get you tumors,Want to take a chance to&nbsp;prove they're rumors? &nbsp;&nbsp; Slap your face and go home,It's not worth it over a stupid little phone. &nbsp; ~ A little late night poetry by Edward An dazed from a lack of sleep.						 
					 						My hours today at work: 9:30 AM - 12:30 PM.We'll be in crunch-mode for a month or two so this'll be the norm for awhile.Mobile cell-phones are NOT designed for games (except for Nokia's).And you gotta love Java.... Write once, debug everywhere."I've finally registered for Belize! Now I have to read up on all the literature the guides send me. Hope there's nothing in there that catches me by surprise.I had authentic Taiwanese cuisine for lunch today. I discovered that I am indeed getting stronger when I broke a chopstick by simply trying to pick up greenbeans - and at the same time spilling rice all over myself.And finally, I am looking into investing in an MP5 SD6 (the weapon of choice for the U.S. Navy Seals).						 
					 						 By December 9th, 2004, I will be on a short plane ride to the Carribean.Belize to be exact.I will be participating in a 10 day "Ultimate Adventure" throughout Belize with a small group of no more than a dozen people like me - adventure/challenge seekers (I can only hope).Since it should be a challening and grueling experience (which I love and embrace), I've been working out a bit, mostly lifting weights, and eating healthier. Although I see little improvement in my physique from working out, I am fully confident that I'll have a washboard stomach and bulging biceps by early December (I can only hope).Anyhow, I promise to invest in a nice, durable, compact, reliable, good quality digital camera. My only fear is that it will hinder my excursion and/or refrain me from doing stupid things with the camera (such as getting wet during caving where I might be required to go under water).So expect some refreshing pictures from the Carribean soon!I'll describe a little more about this "Ultimate Adventure" on another day.But for now....bye. 						 
					 						In the year of 2001, the year I graduated from college, I went off on a little mission trip lead by world missionary/evangelist Dale Cutlip from Globeworks.org.The small team, originally listed as a medical crew which included two professional medical doctors, was stripped down to the bare minimal at the 11th hour of departure (due to scheduling I believe). So the so-called medical team was made up of a nurse, a medical student, a verterinarian, and me, the undergraduate computer science student.This month-long mission to Kenya could fill up a good section of my blog....but I'll take it slow.I only brought 5-6 disposable cameras with me (the biggest mistake ever!), so the pictures I took were poor in quality.And one film became corrupted - which had my best shots - so that'll forever be lost.Fortunately my fellow teammates had brought very nice cameras and took a very many set of nice pictures.Unfortunately they haven't sent any to me.I vow to contact my fellow crewmen and make the requests for the most vivid, memorable, and unique photos money can buy.Meantime, I'll scan my photos and post them every once in a while.I'll also post my journal that I had kept while I was there: everything from being sick for a week in Nanyuki after foolishly running early in the morning with a marathon runner in the freezing cold on the equator... to eating Zebra in Nairobi!But more about Africa for another day...!!I need to make one more log and it's shut-eye for me.						 
					 						This is just a peak at a very intimidating mountain peak in Seoul, South Korea.The hike began in the morning and after 3-4 hours of hiking up a rocky, forested mountain we were ready to begin our final ascent to the peak.The peak of Bhukhan-san (Bhukhan mountain) is rocky, cold, and at the time, very very wet due to mild rain that day. After climbing my very first mountain (a relatively small one) I fell in love with the whole aspect of mountain climbing/hiking. Climbing to the peak is why they (the climbers) do it....because you are standing on top of the world, you can see for miles and miles and miles in 360 degrees, nature looks and feels so pristine at the summit, you are humbled by majestic mountain giants, it's a mental challenge, it's a physical challenge, and you just about wouldn't trade that ever-so-brief summit experience for anything. See that "mountain" in the background? It's taller than it looks since you don't see the valley. The two people in the photo is Eric from California and Sheryl from Alaska. We're on a second mountain trekking over to Mt. Bhukhan. I'm the one wearing the plastic bag on my head to keep my head warm and dry. And I look like an idiot wearing a huge contraceptive device on the top of my head. No wonder I had a few odd looks my way. (not sure why font size changed).Here I am with Hye-Cheong literally crawling on the pinnacle of this mountain - the tallest of mt's in the area. The South Korean flag stands proudly at the highest point of this mountain. Scary to be up there - and very cold as well, especially if you're thinly dressed in damp clothes.And yes, the plastic bag does help keep your head warm.Isn't it funny how we're on our hands and knees, yet the two older ladies behind us aren't?I'm such a dork. 						 
					 						Ok, I admit, this is my first real Blog post. Anyway, I'm here to post pictures and notes that I've taken/written for all the world to see.I enjoy adventure and traveling; and i believe they should go hand-in-hand.Having said that, I will tell you what you can expect from my journal entries.Expect entries that depict my adventures, and yes, daily ramblings and the like.But I will try to keep it interesting so people would actually return.I will post my most unique pictures as well as the most memorable ones.I work in the software industry, so most of my daily ramblingss will probably reflect that aspect of my life.Well, I guess i'm ready to publish my first log.Ya'll come back now you hear?!Bye.						 
I've just been reminded of something strange I did last night.I know that I was retarded.I had eaten a rather delicious pill somewhere around three thirty in the morning.Nothing particularly interesting (other than a good time) happened until I got home and was on the phone with a friend of mine.She just reminded me of a moment around eight in the morning when my brain decided to stop functioning for a while.I went in the bathroom to brush my teeth, still on the phone with her, and then told her that I was taking too long because 'everybody is still in the other room'.I was apparently quite sure that I had people over and I was wondering what I was doing wearing only my boxers.I was mixed up and I was mistaken.There was nobody at my house.I was rather shocked to come out of the bathroom to find that I was alone, except for someone on the other end of the phone.I can pretty much guarantee that this was due to a fairly large percentage of MDA in that pill I had eaten.Much respect to those responsible for 3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine.Salut, Au MDA.
The most important artistic achievement of the past thousand years.Speakers are required and should be turned up.Prepare to be enlightened.Click on the link... urlLink Here...Thanks go to Vav, the most Polish guy in the world.Stay Polish my brother. 
I feel much better now.I had the most brutal day, the repercussions of last night were severe and I suffered for a long time.I finally went out and had a spicy caesar, which made me feel a little better, then some smoked meat from Schwartz's which fixed me up even more.I then went to see my good friend's band play at some bar.I have said it before and I'll say it again...Without Wade Sheedy on drums, Shikasta is nothing.The other guys are good, don't get me wrong, but he makes it happen.It's always nice to see him, he's a good guy.I then went to meet a few other friends for another drink (or five) and some good conversation.I found out some interesting details regarding confusing nights in the past.All in all I'm looking good.Certain people think fairly highly of me, I'm not sure why they think this way, but I like it.It makes me feel like I'm good instead of an alcoholic drug addict with no real job and no hope, which I am not, I've got hope.While I was out with them some little thugged out guys got in a ruckus outside and someone got their head put through the front window of the bar.The sound of a pane of glass that large smashing on the ground is shocking to say the least.Nobody drinking inside the bar got hurt, which is good.All the excitement died out fairly quickly though, cops came, we drank, we left, I came home.Then the phone call.My baby, my girl, my best friend, my Dennise.Drunk as fuck in Toronto, telling me that she puked in some guy's car, smashed all the ashtrays in her house, spit on someone, ate a sub that she now feels guilty about, snorted all her friend's MDMA and was obsessing over the Ninja Turtles and something called Pizza Throwers.You know she's gonna be hurting tomorrow.She'll manage though, she's a champ.I can't wait to see her, she's coming next weekend for Mutek.A few other friends will be here as well.Party Party.Salut, Au Diable. 
Someone recently likened me to Charles Bukowski.I found that to be quite a compliment.I suppose it has it's good points and it's bad points.If you've ever read 'Factotum' you would really understand the bad points.He never mentions drugs, just alcohol, but I'm feeling almost as tortured as the main character in that story.I woke up around three thirty in the afternoon.I've been on the verge of throwing up since then.I feel weak and I can barely force myself to eat breakfast, though I know it's necessary.The glass of milk is definitely helping my stomach.My nose is fucked.I ran into an old friend from Toronto last night. I wound up hanging out with him until six in the morning.When it comes to money he has no worries.We met a group of girls from New Jersey, he took all eight of them out for drinks.Lots of money was spent.There was a bit of a blizzard as well.I think I crashed around eight in the morning.I also received a long awaited phone call from another friend in Toronto.I've been wanting to speak with him for two months.That pleased me, things could be looking up.I'm actually amazed how much of a Toronto-related twenty four hours it's been.My other friend's band is playing here tonight.They're called Shikasta, he's the drummer, they're pretty fucking good.So I obviously have to go out again tonight no matter how hurting I may be.The past two nights have been pretty crazy, I'll say my famous last words...'I think I'll take it easy tonight.'Bah.
I must thank all my friends who wrote comments regarding the entry titled 'Meditation on Intoxication'.They are all very kind.Thank you for giving a fuck.I've also got to say thanks to the people at http://www.jerryandmike.blogspot.com for the statements they made regarding me.Check it out after their 'toasty' entry.Crazy compliments.
 urlLinkMyself and my friend Sven at the Hawaiian party at Saphir nightclub.I may or may not have been humping his leg.There's a good chance that I was.Apparently I have no interest in dressing up for theme parties.That's fine with me.
I woke up drunk today, I don't remember coming home last night.This has been a normal thing to say several times a week for several months.I went over to a friend's house for a 'couple drinks' and ended up out at multiple bars.I explained that I was poor and could not afford to go out.Apparently this was not an issue as everything was provided for me.It's difficult to say 'No' when someone really wants to buy you drinks all night long.This seem to happen more often than I deserve.I'm happy that I made it home.I did not sleep fully clothed.I took off my watch but not my earrings.I left the curtains wide open, so I slept until one in the afternoon with glaring sunlight.I woke up extremely confused.I'm not sure why I feel the need to drink and/or get high so often.There must be a reason or reasons.I keep thinking that maybe I'm not happy with myself, that I need to change 'me' in order to change my habits.I think there's a lot of sense in that.I also keep wondering if maybe it's not me.What if I do the things I do because the world is a boring place?There's a feeling that I can remember all too well from when I was younger.Have you ever dropped acid or gone to a rave (in the mid to late nineties)?When morning comes and you see all the people who DID NOT DO what you just did you can't help but feel sorry for them because they didn't just experience what you did?Do you pity them because it's just another Sunday morning in their mundane lives and you just saw or heard or felt the most amazing things in the world? I'm concerned that this is the way I'm doomed to feel for the rest of my life.I'm constantly on a mission to avoid being that guy walking past me in the morning, wondering why the fuck my eyes are so glassy. So maybe I'll just keep going, drinking and consuming and slowly killing myself.It's better than nothing.I also thought up something interesting today.When you do a half-assed job you get paid twice as much. 
 urlLinkurlLink Kurt Vonnegut's Cold Turkey article
Has anybody ever wondered if the girl from That 70's Show who does the voice of Meg on Family Guy was just 'really into' the show and kind of snaked the part from the girl who did it in the first place?And if so, how pissed off was the original girl? Just a thought.I also got to see my friend's big toe which had been crushed and there's really only half a big toe there.He did it driving a forklift.It looks like it must have been fucking painful.Especially because he said they didn't give him any drugs for about four hours.They then gave him morphine and later an epidural.I would not have enjoyed having this experience.That's an injection into the spine.That would be unpleasant.
It's a new day.The residual pain from the weekend is fading nicely.This was the first time since I've moved that I got truly messed up for an extended period of time.It's so easy to forget the after effects.It's ok though, one day I'll learn.One day.I also can't stop thinking that I want to go back to Toronto.I've decided that if I do not have a good job by the end of June I'm going to give one month's notice to my landlord and move back for August first.I can't help but think that this city is a good place to visit and party, but I think I'm more suited to life in Toronto.I have definitely learned a few things living here and made some decisions regarding the future.If that's all I end up gaining from these few months, so be it, that works.Then again, maybe if I find a good job and some more people to chill with, I'll change my mind and stay.I suppose I'll have to give it some more time.Thirty six days to be exact.So that's it, an open challenge to Montreal to impress me a little more, give me a good job and show me that this city is as cool as everybody seems to think it is.I'm waiting...
I'm hurting.We got absolutely retarded yesterday.Piknic Electronik was cool.We drank a bottle of Vanilla Vodka on no sleep, I jumped in a kiddy pool fully clothed.I don't really remember much after that.I'm not sure when we left.I know that I went to Circus on Saturday night, the boys got sick of waiting outside so they went to Aria instead, I ran into a guy I knew years ago and partied with him.Got retarded with him actually.I didn't sleep, started drinking again bright and early Sunday morning.Continued ingesting various substances.Went to the hippie fest at the park.After the piknic thing I think I came back here and passed out for awhile...I'm not sure what the boys did during that time, but when they woke me up they had more substances for me to ingest.I know that we popped by my neighbor's house at some point.Then we went to Circus, big party with Derrick Carter spinning.I gave Josh and Adam the pass I had for them, and they went in, I was then informed by multiple doormen that I was 'not on the list'.They had already gone in, I had just eaten a pill.I work for this club.I was fucking furious.There was nothing I could do though, I didn't have my phone because I broke it during the day, so I had no numbers with me.None of the other promoters were around.I was fucked.So I stopped at a bar for a few shots of tequila and a beer and walked home.The sleep was probably necessary but my teeth are fucking killing me.I feel like I haven't eaten in days.I've been surviving off beer, drugs, vodka and more drugs.My body and my brain are broken.I'm shaky.I think I need to curl up in a little ball and rock gently back and forth for a few days.Salut, Au Diable.
I just got in with my boys.Adam went to buy smokes, an addiction that's difficult to forget but not really missed.I quit about seven months ago after ten years.Josh just ran outside because he thought his jeep's alarm system was going off.I knew it would be debauchery with the boys...lots of alcohol, lines of speed, strip clubs, etc., now we're back here drinking some beers waiting to do some e's and then go to the club.The strip clubs were ok, lots of hot girls, but after working in one for so long, you know they're mostly just normal girls working for school or for a coke habit.Either way, it's not that uplifting.Fun enough though.I'm happy we left when we did.I think we're going to drink for a bit and then go to Circus Afterhours.It can be pretty good, tomorrow is the night to go, but tonight will be fun.Tomorrow it's Piknic Electronik for Akufen and then Circus for Derrick Carter (SICK house DJ), in between those two we may go to Kamasutra, an upscale strip club, for (two for one) drinks.That is assuming that we're not too hurting after tonight. Salut... Au Diable. 
 urlLink
My friends are here.I'm drunk.We're going to smoke some hash.I'm unable to write anything interesting due to the level of retardation going on.These guys want me to be intelligent or be stupid.Either way, I can't be bothered...Beer and Hash, let's do this.No cigarettes in my house.FUCK YOU.Bahhh...g'night.G.
To anyone who may be thinking along the same lines as my good friend Kathy, I don't have a gun and that is not my kitten .Hopefully whoever took that hilarious picture didn't shoot him.I must give the little guy credit though, some trick ass bitch pulls a gat on a cat and he's just like "C'mon Mahfugga, what'choo'gonna'do?".That kitten is cold.Representin' straight up gangsta shit.Word.Also, a few posts back, I mentioned that the cashier at the store is my arch-nemesis, which nobody found odd except for Kathy.So here's the story Kat.I went into the store the other night to buy beer.I like drinking beer, probably a little more than I should, and since I'm in a new city without a real job and few friends to chill with, I drink more.So I went and grabbed a Six, when I set it on the counter, this snotty little cashier slid it past the scanner where it made the expected beeping sound, looked me in the eye, and said:"So, do you drink everynight?"I was flabbergasted...All I could think to say was "What concern is it of yours?" when I should have said something more vicious like "So, do you work in this shitty fucking store everynight?Cause if I were you, I'd drink more than me." It really pissed me off, probably because she drew attention to a character flaw that I'm well aware of these days.She may have been right and she noticed that she does see me quite often buying beer, but as a cashier at a fucking convenience store she should know when to keep her mouth shut.I could have spoken to the manager and got her in shit, but I'm no rat.So I just left, she knew I was pissed though.She was quite uncomfortable when I came in the store very early this morning to buy groceries.Serves her right, she looked like she thought I was going to lose it.I was cool as an ice dildo though. I think there's a lesson to be learned in this...Don't pass judgment on a person you don't know when they're a customer at the store where you work your shitty job.Salut, Au Diable. 
 urlLink'Sup now?
What I thought would be an interesting night was definitely nothing special.I met up with my friend, who is a nice guy, went to meet his friends, who are strippers, and went to the club.I've known lots of strippers, and some are very fun people to party with, some are not, but even those who are fun are not fun all the time.These girls were just some normal, moderately attractive people who really didn't have that much to say.Just like a lot of the girls I worked with before.Nice enough, but meh...How easily we forget.The club was pretty fucking dead.I think there were more girls than guys there (due to the free passes for girls) but still...Have you ever walked into a club and felt like you're only one of a few people there? It's kind of disheartening.Especially since I walked in first, by myself because the rest of the people were waiting for the second cab to arrive.The music was mediocre at best, I stayed about ten minutes.I was so god damn happy that I didn't do any drugs.If I had done some speed (it was offered) and was wired right now, I'd be pissed.Instead, I walked home, the sun rises earlier here than in Toronto because it's further east.I crossed the bike path which is a pretty badass feature of this city.I walked through Carre (with an accent, but my keyboard doesn't do it) St. Louis,where they finally turned on the huge fountain.It still can't believe that the cops drive through at eleven at night with bright lights and 'close the park'.Not one bum on a bench at four thirty in the morning.The fountain is nice too.I stopped at the store and bought eggs, bread, butter and apples from my arch-nemesis cashier girl.Now I'm home.Sleep will occur soon.I'm pleased about that.Goodnight.You know, the idea of doing speed and going out with a few strippers to an afterhours club no matter how dead it was would have appealed to me so much more a few years ago.Tonight I just wanted to go home.Growing up?Getting old?Or getting wise?Hmmmm...
If the kissing party was tonight, I missed it.I haven't played spin the bottle since grade school.Oh well.
Awwwwwwwww shit.The boys are coming to town tomorrow.I've got Adam and Josh meeting me late night tomorrow night, after making the long trek from Oakville I'm hoping I can suck them into some hard drinking and/or drug abuse.That or maybe sleep, and get an early start on Saturday night.I know I'll have fun but I'm not looking forward to the feeling on Monday when they leave.It's going to be like I just did the last line of blow out of an eight ball, and I have no valium or hard liquor.It's going to be a rough, sad, hurting time.Homesickness at the level of a skull fucking coke hangover.At least I'll get to see two of the best friends I've ever had and ever will have. So much trouble coming up this weekend...Tonight I meet a friend from the club and go meet some friends of his who are strippers, I've had a lot of stripper friends having bartended at a gentleman's club for so long, but not Montreal ones, so this should be interesting.Then it's off to the club we work for, tonight is the beginning of a new Thursday where apparently they will be playing 'erotic' videos (but not porn, I'm confused) on the screens.Ladies free with a pass, guys, twenty dollar cover.They want a 'sexy' vibe in the place tonight.They instructed us to only hand out passes to extremely attractive girls.Sounds like discrimination to me, but that's the nightclub business, if they have a velvet rope and they're turning those they deem 'ugly' away, I'll be mildly saddened, but I'll go anyway.Shows how strong my convictions are.Otherwise, I was a productive person today.I watched Antiques Roadshow, either I have the television tastes of a seventy year old woman, or I'm a douchebag, or I'm fascinated by hearing how much old shit is worth, or I only have three channels and that's the level of boredom I'm dealing with.I did a few hours of promo work, watched Simpsons, had a nap.Then I got stiffed by my friend, I'm not sure why but I can pretty much guarantee that it has something to do with his girlfriend who controls his every move.If he's happy, that's great, but I can tell that he isn't most of the time and I want him to be.Meh...You can't fuck with your friends' relationships, it's bad for business.I then cleaned the hell out of my apartment, swept and scrubbed the floors, cleaned the bathroom (tub too), organized, dusted, cleaned glass surfaces with blue liquid and did the dishes.Once I was done all of this I decide that I deserved a trip to the store for some of my favorite drug.Beer.Which I am now sipping in a peaceful way.I am quite happy that I learned to add links to my blog site (thank you Allie).For anybody who needs virtually unlimited hours of streaming audio DJ sets, live performances, etc., go to the Paxahau link or the Betalounge link.Excellent stuff is available.Enjoy, I've barely even scratched the surface of these sites.For now, I must go, but I recommend Cee-Lo's album, Green is the Soul Machine.Solid hip hop and soul.Really quite innovative.Worth many many listens.Also Luomo's The Present Lover, smooth, sexy, sultry (thanks Geoff) house music.In addition to this, I've just starting reading Irvine Welsh's Porno, the continuation of Trainspotting set ten years later.So far I've wanted to write down multiple parts, very enjoyable and I'm only fourty four pages in.I hope these recommendations make someone happy.Anyway, enough rambling...More drinking, my beer is getting warm, good thing there's another in the freezer.Salut, Au Diable. 
When an alarm bell goes off periodically for no reason and keeps me from sleeping, I get irate.When my key gets jammed in my door and I have to leave it there, I get even more irate.When the 'concierge'(if you can call her that) suggests I just leave my apartment unlocked and she'll fix it when she has time, I want to fucking snap.I'm not leaving this ghetto apartment unlocked in this ghetto building.I've got a nice TV, DVD player, nice stereo, wicked speakers, computer, turntables, mixer, effects processors, a trumpet, tons of vinyl, CD's and DVD's.I've also got people who mainline coke living upstairs, a neighbor who loves cheesy pop gangsta shit and an extremely dirty (and may I say, stank-ass) little alcoholic Frenchman living downstairs.I met him the other night on the street with some friends, we were wasted but he was WASTED.I danced around the street with him for a bit, informing him that he was my neighbor, he was having a great time, laughing and muttering and trying to focus his beady little eyes on me.The next time I saw him, there wasn't even the tiniest hint of recognition in his eyes.I can't say that I remember everything everytime I go out, but I'm not a filthy old man who reeks of booze.I actually saw him one night at the store when I was thinking about buying some beer, and that encounter made me say 'fuck it' and go home empty handed. The smell of bacon is filling my ghetto apartment.I'm going to make eggs and toast to go with it.My best friend once convinced my other best friend (they were dating at the time) that if you eat eggs without toast, you can die.Tonight I think I'm going to a party with a kissing theme.Supposed to be a kissing booth, a giant game of spin the bottle for about fifty people and other kissing related things.It's at this club called Saphir, around the corner from my ghetto apartment.How fun does that sound?I just had a disturbing telephone conversation though, apparently this party was last night and I'm retarded.I guess it's no big deal, I've missed many other parties but I do hope that my friend was wrong and this party's tonight.Kissing is good.
Beautiful fucking day today.Sunny and warm but not humid.Perfect outdoor beer drinking weather which is exactly what I think I'll do later on.It seems like the best possible thing I could do for myself.I'm all about self-improvement these days.I went to the job placement place and paid them twenty five dollars.I was late for the appointment though.I woke up at one twenty, the appointment was at one thirty.I had the common sense to call and say that I was running behind, and I was only fifteen minutes late so I think it's no problem.The interview went well, I looked slick, hopefully I'll get a real job out of this.I'm sick of feeling semi-useless.Sleeping in for a one thirty appointment doesn't make me feel any less useless.My friend with the fucked up ear is sad.I am sad for her.She met a nice guy, for the first time in a long time.They've been chilling together quite a bit lately, but he's moving to China for a year in about three weeks.She's feeling low already, but only when she's not with him.When she's with him she forgets those sad feelings.She asked me when she's going to stop feeling this way and the only thing I can say is 'in a while'.I experienced a few similar situations recently.Once with a girl who was leaving to move far away and once with a girl because I was leaving her to move far away.There's absolutely nothing I can say to make her feel better because when you know that you won't be seeing someone you care about anymore, it hurts.Even though it's been awhile now since I was really sad, I still think about those people who are far away and I miss them.I'm sure I'll find someone else, just as she will, but the question is when, and in the meantime she's going to be fucking down.It gets better though.Even after it gets better though, sometimes you remember and it sucks again.She'll be fine.So will I.So will anybody else who goes throught the same thing.I think I'll go climb the mountain with her now.
I can overhear a conversation out my window.This guy is talking to a girl and another guy.Half english, half french.His girlfriend was throwing all his shit out of his window, his mother is in the hospital flatlining, he's fucking drunk.His girlfriend is upset because he won't get her high anymore.He's saying that she's pissed because he won't put a syringe in her arm anymore.He won't inject her with cocaine.He says it kills him to put a needle in her veins.He's saying he's been in the military for nine and a half years, he was in the Gulf War.He says that he used to weigh two hundred twenty pounds.He's "not a violent person".He's not "like this".He says that there's no such thing as logic in love.Someone beat up his girlfriend today.The details here were fuzzy.I think he said that she came to him.His mother's dying, he said he told her he couldn't handle her today.She flipped out.He wants her off the drugs.He lives somewhere above me in the building.My cell phone rang as they were talking, they definitely heard it.Voices trailed off after that.I heard them come in the building and go up the stairs. Coke shooting, flatlining, drinking, beatings.This is true, this just happened.Makes me think once again that I don't have it that bad. 
I was rudely awoken at nine o'clock this morning by my neighbor blasting 50 Cent's In Da Club.Not that I hate 50 or anything, but he does sound like a retard with his jaw wired shut, and I bet he's a total dick.This morning was important because I had to go talk 'Roger' about the prestigious Pin Monkey position.I declined this career path, informing him that I would not be in town the weekend of June fourth through sixth because I had to return to Toronto.I also said that I'd miss at least a week to a week and a half in August because I had to return to Toronto again, this time for the wedding of one of my best friends in which I am playing a rather large role.The first thing was bullshit, it's Mutek and there's no way I'm missing Plastikman live, Herbert, Isolee, Jamie Lidell, etc.The second thing was true.I guess I just don't have what it takes to be a Pin Monkey.Am I doomed to fail at everything?Or just stupid things?Then my day got worse, and more irritating, and more irrational.I got in a serious pattern of hateful thoughts.I hated every homeless shitbag I saw.I hated every business man.I hated every young person.I hated the shaky old four foot tall woman with ridiculous vericose veins.I hated the skinny east Indian guy in the (obviously) cheap grey double breasted suit.I hated the sketchy thirtysomething semi-homeless looking guy with a durag on under his hat.I hated the trio of skinheads with pitbulls.I hate the jacket one was wearing that said 'endangered species' proudly across the back.I hated the girl at the coffee shop who was slower than a tree sloth on ketamine. I hated the rain.I hated the cold.I hated being damp.Fuck.Then a meeting for promotions at the club I'm semi-employed by.That went well I guess, many good events are coming up.This weekend is going to be tough to make it through, four nights in a row of parties.I expected to get paid today, I did not.I won't starve, but I would have appreciated the money.As long as I don't get jacked, I'm happy.Besides, if I get paid on the weekend like promised, that's money for then.Akufen at Piknic Elektronic on Sunday and then Derrick Carter at Circus Sunday night.Hot.I then made an interesting discovery of an office down the street from my house that specializes in job placements in Montreal's nightlife.Bars, clubs, restaurants.Exactly what I'm looking for.The guy said that my experience was great and that he had nine new places that day alone looking for people.I've got an appointment tomorrow for an interview.The only thing is, this costs money.Twenty Five dollars to set up a file with them, they try placing you in jobs, you have a week trial at a place, if you get a job due to the placement, you pay them seventy five dollars and that's that.You've got a job.It seems legit, but I'm still a little apprehensive.The way my job hunt has been going, I think I should spend the money.Besides, you only pay them when you get a job.He said their success rate for placing people is high.Meh...My friend said that she tried to stretch her ears a little more today.The holes in her ears are already the size of nickels.She fucked up.She said her ear ripped pretty bad, almost to the cartilage.She said it looks like a vagina.That's positively repugnant.The torn ear is gross enough in itself, but to compare it to a vagina is worse.If I think about that ear the next time I see a vagina, I will never forgive her.Then home to remove damp clothes and have a nap.Now I'm writing in this, then I'm going for a ride on my bike to my boy's house for a beer.It's no longer raining.Yes.Much less hating going on now compared to earlier.Salut, Au Diable. I find it quite amusing that spellcheck tries to replace 'shitbag' with 'setback'.
Funny running into someone from years ago. Memories. Cory Ferguson. 7 inch records. Delinquent Habits. Punk Fiction #1. Under the bridge downtown Oakville. Running from the cops. Asher. Suzanne. Morgan Clamp's house. Iguanas in wooden crates. Wu-Tang Clan. Ska. Bjork Even. Acid & Techno in a punk rock household. Cayman Alligator. Sweet Balooo. Glow in the dark tattoo ink. No Talking During Simpsons. Smoking weed with Wade in a car with Christmas lights. John the exterminator. Lise. Matt. Jen Smith. Laurie seeming older than she was. Discussing which night to drink, Friday or Saturday. Harvey's Breakfast. Introducing Justin. Spencer Smith Park for shows in Burlington. The A.R.A. The wall of empties. Buying a rubber stamp. Classic (or Canadian?) Devel-ope-ments. Cone spikes. Purpose with innocence.Sheeeit. Long time ago... 
Yesterday in Montreal a man shot his wife in their front yard and then shot himself, their fourteen year old son witnessed this.Today an eighteen year old was charged for stabbing a cop to death in Ontario.The cost of gas is up to over a dollar per litre.I woke up with a headache, went to say hi to some friends at the tattoo shop around the corner, got a job offer, and went to the park to read a book and listen to music in the sun.I've got it easy.I got a call from a bowling alley and upscale pool hall where I had dropped a resume a few weeks ago.I was hoping for a bartending position.They called me today saying that they need a 'technician', now I'm not really sure what that entails, but I know that I have no technical knowledge of the equipment used at a bowling alley.I informed 'Roger' of this over the phone and he still wanted me to come in.He made sure to let me know that he wants someone permanent, not a student.He said it was very important that he has someone who wants to stay there 'forever'.That was his word.He wants me to work Wednesday night through Saturday night, until three in the morning, for $8.50 per hour with the possibility of a $0.50 raise after three months.I will be a Pin Monkey.I see a real future in this opportunity.Last week myself and some of my friends were drinking at their house.We decided it would be a good idea to fill up a backpack with beer and go climb the mountain.It was a good idea, dark forests at night are interesting places.When we reached a point about halfway up we stopped on a large flat rock to relax.A little above us was a cave, anything remotely cave-like naturally arouses curiosity in most men.So Alex and I climbed higher, luckily his cellphone had a flashlight built in, normally I'd think this was a useless feature, but not that night.In this small cave was a few articles of clothing and a stack of porno mags.Someone was using this cave halfway up the mountain as a personal jerk off sanctuary.I found this to be absolutely delightful.I want a porn cave.
Tonight can be described in few statements.A friend showed how supportive a friend can be.And it's more than merely appreciated.Another friend showed me a side of her that was completely fucking known, but forgotten, but known, but forgotten, but WHOA.Another friend was upset over his girlfriend but got drunk and stoned with me and I've not been able to comprehend most of the conversation, but it's been enjoyable.He's a nice guy, just disjointed, and that's fine.Many interesting things to say, but some are either above me, or just complete nonsense.I like this cat though.Solid.I've also gotten rather intoxicated, and I think that means it's time to cut this short.I don't want to embarrass myself in writing. I also offered to buy my friend's jacket when I leave here because it has the name 'Philippe' on it.I naturally assume that most people in Toronto will think it's a spelling mistake.Either that or they'll think it's Spanish.Salut. Au Diable. 
This has happened before and it will happen again.When you are trying to sleep and you know you're tired and you were almost passing out on the couch an hour ago but now you can't sleep and stare into the dark with quiet music on and all that runs through your fragile mind is all the girls you've ever loved or thought you loved or thought you could have loved and it may be the one from when you were fifteen and you're curious what happened or it may be more recent and you want to know how she's doing or it may be all of them at once hitting like a quick succession of slaps to the face and every slap hurts as much as the last and it's hard to sleep when you're being slapped in the face and there's always the same image of a sly smile being sent your way and the people around you may not have seen it but even if they did it wouldn't have mattered, to them. 
Montreal thinks of itself as the 'coolest' city in Canada, and Canada seems to agree for the most part.I know most of my friends in Toronto seem to share that idea.I'm not sure if it's true anymore.The first month I spent here, I completely identified with that notion.Now I just see a city filled with pretentious fashion conscious wankers more concerned with paying homage to the nineteen eighties than any form of progression.Growing a neo-mullot,wearing shit that douchebags rocked in the eighties and listening to stuff that was crap twenty years ago shouldn't be the height of 'cool'.Either that or a bunch of goat eyed retards.Don't get me wrong, there was some cool music made in that time, but there's a motherfucking assload of stuff being made now that takes things to entirely new levels.I don't see the need for regression.The bar I was just at was packed with mostly attractive people, music videos from the turquoise and neon generation were on the screens and the DJ was playing a set that would have been cutting edge a long time ago.To be honest though, I can't say that all of Montreal is like this.There's always Mutek coming up, that gives me hope, and the Montreal jazz festival is coming too, that may help.For now though, I'm not impressed.Maybe it's me, maybe I'm too 'Toronto Techno' as I've been nicknamed by a girl I know...maybe I'm just missing the T dot, or maybe I'm right and Montreal has nothing on Toronto.Maybe I'm just bitter.Who knows?In the meantime, I look towards to this for inspiration.www.mutek.caPlastikman Live...
I think that my neighbor wasn't home today...For that I thank him.I think that my friend has good taste in books...For that I thank her.I think that I make irrational decisions when it comes to what I ingest...For that I thank myself and only myself.I think that I don't like tossing and turning from nine am until four pm...For that I thank what I ingested.It's a grey day in Montreal.Grey Day is a good song by a band called Zoot Woman, I highly recommend it.There's a light drizzle and the constant sound of cars driving through a puddle around the corner.My fan squeaks every time it oscillates past a certain point, which kind of negates it's quality as a white noise generator.I can't decide whether or not to document exactly what I do on any given night, it would be interesting to see it written down.It might also take away from anything I write down.I'd like feedback.Is it anyone's business?Should it be?Can it be?In the meantime, I think I could use a few beers and a nap.Salut, au Diable.
Montreal is fucking weird.The people here, when weird, are at the absolute peak of fucking strangeness.As I was leaving the club at six in the morning, there was a white haired man, about fifty, with his arm around a girl, looked about eighteen, and a little thugged out looking white kid...All checking their coats or bags.This trio (and they were together) were on their way in as I was on my way out.Keep in mind, one room is loud-as-fuck house, the other is loud-as-fuck hip hop and reggae.I found out after that the coat check girl told the old man and the young girl that they made a very cute couple.The music was alright, but the urge to get retarded at five or six in the morning was fading.Odd people and unfamiliar buildings stand out a lot more when walking home at that time.This city is very different.The earlier part of the night was spent playing with my friend's daughters, the smallest one was asleep.Very cool kids.Pure french.Like to playfight.The oldest is tricky and fed me surprise kidney shots.When she was told that she was on my team, she patted me on the cheek, twice.She also shook my hand in a way that ended with a pound.That's a cool ten year old, especially on a rooftop at midnight.Her ears are stretched.If my neighbor starts blasting 50 Cent at eleven in the morning, I'll be vexed.There's a good chance that he will though.That's all he ever listens to.Literally, for a month and a half, only that one CD.Before that even, because my friend lived here too and he told me in advance that I'd hear it all the time.Imagine listening to one album every day for months and listening to nothing else.I can't.I think I should make him a CD.It's now time to try and sleep.Maybe one day I won't have to worry about 'trying' to sleep. It's now shortly after seven, my fan is an adequate substitute for white noise.
Here it is.Through the assistance of my brother I have given birth to something new.It's like I just fucked the internet without a condom and he introduced me to the girl.Beer, whiskey & drugs (hard ones) are suitable baby shower gifts.This kid's gonna go far.
 urlLinkThis was spray painted on the wall of a gas station in Montreal.Maybe the poor spelling is due to a language barrier.Maybe it's due to the fact that a lot of punks and wanna be activists are just retarded.I'm interpreting this act of vandalism to mean that 'Irak' is the 'new adminitration' for the gas station.I understand that Iraq does possess a large amount of oil.I also understand that the states and other countries require it for gas and such.But I do think the proper (fashionable?) thing to do is protest the United States, their arrogance, their president, his administration and their motives for the war in Iraq.Wouldn't if be better to spray paint 'US controlled oil, paid for with blood' or something a little more anti-American and not so anti-Iraq?Roughly ten thousand Iraqis have been killed while only around one thousand people from every other country involved have died.When you look at that ratio it's obvious that Iraq is being dominated.It's unfortunate that so many people are dying for nothing.So it goes.Maybe I expect too much from activists and people who feel the need to spray paint virtually meaningless slogans on gas stations.Maybe that's why I'm feeling frustrated.But is it honestly too much to ask that they spell relatively simple words correctly?I mean seriously, administration is spelled exactly how it sounds.Ad-min-is-tra-tion.Come on.Usually I'm fairly apathetic, but lately I have begun to feel a little more socially conscious, at least on a very small level.Either that or I'm just fed up with my landlord, I'm not sure which one yet.The lack of hot water in my decrepit apartment building didn't end until this afternoon.That's almost two weeks.I wrote a few days ago that "average people deserve to be informed before signing a lease with an indifferent management company who can't even provide a basic service like hot water" and I believe that.So here's a picture of my attempt to caution those who are in a position to wind up living in slight discomfort.This is written right by the building entrance near the 'for rent' sign.Hopefully people will see this warning and take heed.If potential tenants are discouraged to move in, the landlord could lose some money, and I think that would be just fine.Fight the power. urlLink
 urlLinkI watched my friend make crack tonight, I was quite disgusted.I smoked it once when I was younger, I felt great for five minutes, I felt like shit until the next rock, then we ran out, so I felt like shit until I managed to sleep.It's a useless drug and people who smoke it look and act like fucking losers.Complete douchebags.Crackhead wankers.This guy I know bought a twenty bag of blow, which is a quarter of a gram, which is one or two good lines.Nobody I know sells this amount in Ontario because it's pretty much a pointless purchase, such a small amount is fucking useless.It's a teaser and that's all it ever could be.My friend obviously understood this so he mixed with water and baking soda, cooked it in a spoon over a candle, and smoked it on a bed of weed and tobacco.Apparently making this shit and smoking it is more economical than doing a few rails.I think that if someone is going to do coke they should do it right, get good shit, get a lot of it, and do it properly.After smoking his rocks, my friend was much more outgoing in the conversation.He informed me that "fear sweat was much different than normal sweat," which immediately reminded me of the Simpsons episode where Bart gets a bunch of novelty items glued to his face with an industrial strength adhesive.He was quite sure of this fact and laughed at me when I doubted him.He then went on a long rant about how he used to wrestle in high school.He said that "wrestlers are checked for ringworms, which are actually patches of fungus that are found under the skin.If found, the area is sliced off with a razor blade.A bottle cap full of bleach is then placed over the wound to kill the hidden stuff that 'they' do."He then went on to explain that "this is not a medical procedure, [the wrestlers] do it themselves."He was smoking crack made from shitty coke that was cut too much.He was so deeply preoccupied with not wasting drugs that he ate a bit of his own snot after he had done a rail.He was immobilized briefly after he first smoked a rock and he said he hasn't wrestled since he lost half his toe.All of this was of course quite fascinating, it continued to be interesting when he brought up his family.He described his mother as a "big sack of something filled with a liquid weirdness."He also said quite plainly that she is "so gross." On the subject of the rest of his relatives, he said:"My family is so gross, except for my sister.She's not so bad, she's just trashy like me and kind of gross."He also said that his "mom had a beard and dad was very white."My twenty two year old crack smoking friend's beard is better than my brother's, who is thirty.I guess he can thank his mom for that.He also described himself as having "displaced grinding legs."Although he's definitely an interesting character, smoking crack is pure dirt.Bonsoir.
 urlLinkIt's nice waking up after a night of drinking to find the word 'kill' written on your hand.Killing is great.Uhaul is still causing feelings of rage in me.They called me today to re-schedule my trailer hitch installation appointment.After the fuck up yesterday I'm amazed they had the balls.I'd like to give them a golden shower against their will.They caused my friends to drive way out of their way, they caused me to spend money on gas for my them.They caused me to miss Wynton Marsalis tonight and a party with Richie Hawtin, Carl Cox, Magda and John Acquaviva tomorrow.They caused me to have to ask my pops for a favour and fuck up his week.Even though I appreciate his help it means that I have to sit in a truck for quite a few hours with no beer, no drugs and probably no music.That's no way to move.I'm still unimpressed with the building I live in.It's been more than a week and a half since I've had hot water.I'm sick of bothering my friends for showers, their water pressure sucks and mine was kickass before.At least I'm leaving soon, fuck 25 Avenue Des Pins, fuck Malchas Corporation, and fuck the new management company.In addition, fuck the city of Montreal for allowing a landlord to treat their tenants like this, it's ridiculous.I want to screw the company that owns the place without fucking the other tenants.I want to warn those who see the 'for rent' sign outside, I want them to stay away for their own good.The people who typically rent small bachelor apartments in second rate buildings are usually in a low income bracket, or are students on a budget.These average people deserve to be informed before signing a lease with an indifferent management company who can't even provide a basic service like hot water.If this were an upper class building on a nicer street, we would have had hot water back the day after we first lost it.I guarantee it.It's not fair but that's life.At least there are things in this world that can help us forget about the bullshit for a minute.Sometimes it's sex, sometimes it's a good song or a good book, sometimes it's somebody else's misfortune, sometimes it's drugs and alcohol or sometimes it's just a giant chicken that does what you want.urlLink Click here.Thanks to Divine Irony for pointing this out.
I hate Uhaul. These filthy sons of bitches have fucked me in the ass with no grease.I had an appointment for this morning to have a trailer hitch installed on my friend's truck.I had a trailer booked as well.My friends drove from Ottawa to Montreal yesterday, we went out and got wasted.We woke up hungover this morning and my friend went to Uhaul where he was informed that they could not install the hitch until friday.Friday is no good, I was ready to go today, my friends drove all the way down here to help me.Apparently the reservation I made was completely useless.I considered renting a truck instead but this is the most busy week of the year for people moving in Montreal, there were none available.I spent close to two hours on the phone with Uhaul, I got bounced around from rep to rep, none of which were able to help me.I finally told my friends to leave and decided that I'd have to figure something else out.I found a solution, my father is on vacation right now at Mont Tremblant, he is going to get dropped off in Ottawa on July 1st, rent a truck there, drive here, pick me and my stuff up, and then drive to Toronto.The reason he's getting a truck in Ottawa is because everything is booked up in Montreal.It sickens me to do business with this company again but I really have no choice.So my friends drove here from Ottawa for nothing, I paid for their gas for nothing and I'm sitting in this shitty apartment doing nothing because everything's packed.I'm hungover and tired and pissed off and surrounded by boxes.I should be driving down the DVP right now.Fucking cocksuckers.
 urlLinkThat's it, it's time to go.No more Montreal.
 urlLinkThis is a recent picture.
 urlLinkThey are gooooooood.
 urlLinkThis is the album of the day, week, month and year.I'm blown away.It makes me wish that I still played the trumpet, it makes me want to get lessons, learn it again and then try to start really playing.I'm honestly pretty angry with myself, I really should have known about these guys sooner.I've been broadening my musical horizons lately, less techno and more rock and roll, less hiphop and more funk, less house and more soul and always more jazz.The electronic aproach is cool and all, but man, the Dirty Dozen is some serious shit.This came out in 1991, if you sleep on it any more than I have, it's your loss.
 urlLinkI wish I could work for my friend's landlord full time.I got to his house around nine thirty this morning.I helped him go shopping for materials for renovating an apartment.I pushed the cart.He took me out for lunch again, I had shrimp and vegetables and rice and wonton soup.For an asian guy he really likes chinese food, that's twice in three days.After that he got me to cut his grass, do some weeding and dig a little one inch perimeter around his yard.It took half an hour.I left his place by three thirty in the afternoon.He paid me one hundred dollars.So I was with him for six hours, maybe worked three, had a really good free lunch and made a C note.I still don't have hot water in my building, that's a week now.What if I had a real job?What if I had to be someplace everyday?Luckily I don't but I still like to shower.I had to bother my friend around the corner to use his again, so considering that I made easy money today, I brought him beer.I think that's fair.The cat in the picture above is his, she likes to sit on my shoulder as I walk around his apartment.Her name is Rosette, she's a french cat, which means that she's a dirty slut.A guy I know here left last week for China.He was going to teach english, he tied up all his loose ends, spent all his money in preparation, had his going away parties, and left.When he arrived there was nobody to meet him and he had no job.The school he was supposed to work for had burned to the ground.Nobody even thought to notify him and suggest that maybe he shouldn't fly around the world.He's back now.All that build up, all that stress, all those sad goodbyes, just to come back in a week.That's like jerking off for a really long time and never busting a nut, but a little more emotional and much more expensive.I can definitely say that I have a new favourite instrument and it's the tuba.Nothing makes a deeper bad ass sound than a tuba.If you don't believe me get the song 'Remember When' by the Dirty Dozen Brass Band.Makes me want to knock one out.
 urlLinkIt's pissing rain and I just got in.It's ten after two I have to be up in about five hours.That's ok though, I'm getting paid.I went out tonight to Parking to see Tiga. I wish I brought my camera, it was pretty hype.It was a Definiti night so they put money into it.These nights are very similar to the Benson & Hedges nights in Toronto.The decor was fitting, neon was everywhere, glowing patterns and skyscrapers made of glowing pink, Tiga was paying good stuff, electro of course, but very housey.His intro was some track from the DJ Kicks mix blended with his cover of Nelly's 'Hot in Herre', which sounds fucking sick on a big system.A pounding 808 bass drum always sounds good in a loud club.They also had a choreographed dance performance for this, four people in glowing hot pink attached to the ceiling by what appeared to be slinkys.Kind of cool, very eighties, very Montreal, very Tiga.He was playing good tracks and his mixing was pretty much on point.It was nice that they had an overhead view of the decks projected on a big piece of fabric directly in front of where I was, I saw everything he did.He was using two turntables and two CD players, and he looked much less effeminate than he does on the cover of his recent CD.The high point for me was when he dropped 'Rocker' by Alter Ego, the dancefloor goes nuts for that track.It was hot in the place and packed full of hot people.It's usually a gay club but it's fairly mixed on thursdays, you get a nice blend of gay dudes, straight dudes, the unknown and smoking girls.I would have liked to have eaten a few pills and stayed to check the end of his set, but I have to do some work in the morning.I'd rather not be hurting when I get up at seven thirty.Strangely responsible of me.I was not in the mood for rain tonight.I was not in the mood to be disconnected from the internet tonight either, I was in the middle of talking to a good old friend who is never online.Son of a bitch.Sorry Sarah, another time.
 urlLinkIt's just past ten thirty at night and I have not left my apartment today.I've been a little bit hurting.I got freakin' wasted last night and did some filthy street drugs.It was an underwear party at Saphir, I didn't even know that until I got there, I felt overdressed.I had a good time but I don't remember getting home.I woke up sitting up on the couch which is not the most comfortable way to sleep.I took care of some moving arrangements today, I've reserved a trailer and got a storage space in Toronto.It's incredible how something that I thought was going to cost around a hundred and fifty dollars can spiral into something that costs closer to five hundred.That's life, nothing's for sure and everything's harder and more expensive than it should be.I heard there's also drama at my old work in Toronto, people getting fired, people quitting soon.If I go back and get offered a job I think I'd take it even though I'd rather work in a different kind of bar.One gets tired of strip clubs after awhile.Still, it would be nice to have work right away when I get home.If I go back there I think I'll start a purely strip club related blog, it would make for interesting reading to anyone who's never worked in one.It's definitely a fascinating subculture.I also found a great band today.The Dirty Dozen Brass Band from New Orleans.They've been around for twenty seven years, I'm ashamed that I haven't heard of them before.I only found out about them because I got an email from their record label, and I don't recall signing up for Ropeadope's mailing list.So far I quite like 'Open Up, Whatcha gonna do with the rest of your life' and the latest album, 'Funeral for a Friend'.Excellent stuff.I must say that I'm still enjoying my new camera immensely.I like the photo at the top of this post.I'm sure I could find a lot of symbolism in it if I thought about it, but I prefer not to.I'm going to see Tiga spinning at Parking.Salut, Au Diable.
 urlLinkOk, not only did I make money, eat free and get a bunch of weed today, but I have also been given a great gift.This picture was taken through the peephole of my door.A little while ago I noticed that my neighbour was moving out.He had a UHaul truck parked on the sidestreet by my building.He was going in and out of the back door of the building.He was doing it quick.It was abviously a midnight move in the early evening.I am so happy at this moment.To anybody who has read any other posts on this site, you know how I feel about him.You know what this means.I no longer have to listen to 50 Cent everyday.It's unfortunate that this didn't happen a month ago because I'm leaving soon too.Even still, I'll cherish every fifty-free moment from now until the second I move out.I'm feeling a little emotional right now.I've gotta go.From now on I'm living my life fifty-free.
I slept about four hours last night, not because I was partying but because I'm used to partying and I don't usually sleep until four AM.Normally I'd wake up around one in the afternoon, today I had to wake up at eight o'clock in the morning.I had agreed to help my friend's landlord tear apart the basement of one of his rental properties.I woke up, ate some breakfast and rode my bike to the place.The landlord picked me up and I had breakfast again, there was bacon involved and it was on him so I couldn't say no.Then we drove back to the place. I started by ripping down a ceiling made of drywall with a crowbar and an old rake.There was a bunch of wires and an obscene amount of dust.Soon after, a garbage truck from the City of Montreal arrived and we loaded it full of wood filled with nails, tile, broken drywall and dust.Once that was done we went for lunch, there was an eggroll involved and it was on the landlord again.Beautiful.We smoked a joint and then I swept.I did more sweeping in those couple hours than I've done in the rest of my life, and I've done a lot of sweeping.I've had shitty jobs.There was so much old dust, it was like working in a dirty cloud.By the end of the day I blew my nose and it was black.I made some cash, got a sack of weed as a bonus and biked home.I now have a beer beside me and I just blazed one, so I think that's a good days work even though my sinuses are packed full of black stuff.Next time I might seriously consider wearing a mask, I may have inhaled asbestos or some other toxic shit.On the topic of possibly being exposed to dangerous things, the safety seal was a little fucked up on my bottle of water.It wasn't broken but it didn't break when I opened it either.It was like it was too loose on the bottle.I drank it anyway, I'm sure it's alright.I doubt that I've been fucked with, that was hours ago and I feel fine.In case I become ill and cannot speak this evening, make sure to sue those responsible for making Aquafina bottled water.It is taken from a municipal source.Which means it's taken from tap water, and then they clean it up.They use reverse osmosis and a carbon filter.I'm curious how much money this company makes from filtering and bottling tap water.Mine was from Mississauga.Pepsi made it.I'm most likely not going to buy it again.All in all it was a good day, bikeride, breakfast, hard work, lunch, joint, hard work, shady water, hard work, money, bag of weed, bikeride, beer, joint, more beer and finally, chilling.
 urlLinkEarlier this evening I watched the news.What caught my attention was a story about Molson Incorporated and the troubles it's having.Five members of the board of directors have quit and one of them was a Molson family member.There have been problems with a Brazilian venture the company made as well.There is talk of a potential takeover and shareholders are upset.That's all somewhat interesting stuff I guess.What was really interesting was the statistic they presented.Which was that Canadians consume almost two billion litres of beer per year and Quebec consumes almost one quarter of that.The way it was presented made me really think that Quebec drinks far more than their share and that they truly are a bunch of drunks.I was already suspicious of this and when I heard this fact I was felt that my suspicions were confirmed.That is until I visited the Statistics Canada website and did some simple mathematics.The preliminary post-censal estimated population of Canada as of January 1st, 2004 was 31,752,842.The preliminary post-censal estimated population of Quebec as of January 1st, 2004 was 7,509,928.Therefore Quebec makes up approximately 23.65% of Canada's population which is exactly 'almost one quarter'.I found this to be mildly annoying.The news made it sound like this was an impressive amount of beer that Quebec was consuming.I really thought these people were complete sauce bags.It turns out that they're only drinking their fair share, so what makes so many of them so retarded?Maybe it's the church.There's one thing I can be sure of, and that's that as Canadians we can all be proud to know that we drink almost two billion litres of beer per year, and that's not counting hard liquor, wine or listerine.I hope that as a country we can come together and drink enough to break the two billion litre mark by 2005.I know I'm drinking for Canada right now.Are you?
 urlLinkThere has been no hot water in my shithole apartment building since Saturday.It is shown in all it's ghetto glory in the photo above.It is located on Avenue Des Pins in Montreal.I'd strongly recommend that nobody move in here, ever.Luckily I have friends that live nearby who are gracious enough to let me use their shower, otherwise I'd be a greasy, crusty, grumpy motherfucker.In addition to the water issue, the front door never locks properly so any crackhead cocksucker can come and piss in the hall should they so desire.Also, the locks on the doors for the mailboxes have been broken twice which meant that all mail was sent to a post office nearby.Nearby turned out to be very far away so I never picked up my mail, resulting in the disappearance of my last paycheque from my last job in Toronto.I did eventually receive a replacement but I could have done without the aggravation.Also, as mentioned before my superintendent works for Interpol and my next door neighbour only owns one CD, that being 50 Cent, which he plays incessantly.Understandably, I am irritated.I have discovered a fascinating website called Terraserver.It provides satellite imagery of pretty much anywhere in the continental United States.I have seen my brother's rooftop somewhere in California.I have seen my friend Pedro's rooftop in Los Angeles, which coincidentally is also somewhere in California.I have seen Hart Plaza beside the Renaissance Center where they hold the Detroit Electronic Music Festival.You can search by city, by address and by ways I don't understand.There is even a listing of famous places you can view.I've already managed to kill a fair bit of time playing with this and I recommend it to anyone who lives in the states, has friends there or is just bored.It's been added to the links on this page because I find it intriguing.I also spoke to a friend in Toronto earlier this evening and she told me about a loft that has become available.It is near the subway, not too far from downtown, fucking huge and very reasonably priced.It has three bedrooms, I already have one friend who is interested, all I need is one more and we get a massive space for a good deal.I've been to parties in this place before and I think I'd enjoy living there.It's right near a Beer Store and an LCBO.It's also close to Square Boy Four, a wicked burger spot with Ms. Pacman, a patio, great souvlaki and $2.25 beers.Needless to say, I am interested.My neighbour just got home and I'm being force fed the sound of that lovable, bullet-riddled, retarded sounding schvatz, 50 Cent.I despise my neighbour sometimes, not because he plays his music loud, but because he only plays one album loud and it's not one that I like.I'd probably hate him more if it was an album I did like.If I had to listen to something I like repeatedly for three months, I wouldn't like it anymore.The last thing I'm going to do before I leave Montreal will be to burn a CD of some good hiphop and stick it to his door with a note saying: -50 Cent everyday? 'In Da Club' ten times in a row? 'Wanksta' in the morning, on repeat?Both tracks suck, you need to check some next shit.50's hurting, you're hurting, eat a dick-
 urlLinkThe countdown has begun, I will be back to the center of Canada in seven days.I'm looking forward to it immensely.It's not only going to be nice to see my friends and family, but also to be away from the boredom I've become used to here.I've got a few good friends here and granted, I'll miss them, but it's not the same as the people I've got back in Toronto.It's also the little things:Getting a haircut from Tito at Aristotelis. The big baby breakfast at Mel's. The Brass Rail. Pad Thai at the Green Room. Play De Record. Rotate This. Albert's Real Jamaican. Sizzler's late night chicken club sandwich. The Keg Mansion. The Go Train. The Streetcar. Zelda's. The Black Bull patio. Tortilla Flats for $2.75 beers on Wednesdays. Half-price wings at The Wheat Sheaf Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. Hanging out in expensive restaurants because Klaus works there. Getting kicked out of Hemmingway's with Klaus after that. Playfighting on the street in Yorkville right after that. Biking along the harborfront. Huge parties at the Guvernment/Kool Haus. System Soundbar. Element. The Reservoir Lounge. My cat. Guest list spots. Missions. Breakfast at Only in Paradise with Diamond. The relative silence of Oakville. Queen Street. The Beaches. Parkdale. The frat house. The roof of Dennise's building. The LCBO and the Beer Store. 5ive. Boozecans. The Danforth. Speakers Corner. Jobs. Staying up all night and all day and getting wasted and laughing. Better drugs from more reliable people. Not being able to buy booze everywhere. Tall cans of Stella and Heineken for $2.20 or so...What the fuck Quebec?They're $4.00 here?I'm running out of thoughts right now, but very soon I'll be thrust right back in the middle it all.Much love to Montreal and I'll come back one day when the circumstances are right.For now, T Dot represent.Cheers, To the Devil.
 urlLinkI don't understand why people feel they have to drive around honking their car horns whenever some sports team wins a game.I find it incredibly irritating.I guess there was a soccer game today and I guess Portugal won.I have no real problem with the Portuguese as a people, but when they are soccer fans who drive cars they are complete dickheads.I live in close proximity to the Portuguese neighborhood of Montreal so I've been bombarded by obnoxious enthusiasm all afternoon.It's hot in my apartment so I must keep my windows open for air circulation, unfortunately this means that I hear every car horn very clearly.I even heard a fucking air-horn just now.Do these people have no respect for the extremely hungover?I am not feeling well today.In addition to doing some dirty drugs, I drank far too much beer last night.I haven't been able to function properly today.It's hard to eat and I have no interest in much beyond my couch, tv and computer.I get what I deserve.I think I may have worked out a suitable solution to my apartment troubles.I hadn't really thought of this until my pops said it today.A new company has taken over the building, I received the letter.I will inform them that I had an agreement with the previous administration that I was going to leave at the end of this month.I will let the new administration know that I still consider this to be the way things are and I'm leaving.If they really want to make an issue out of it, they can track me down and sue me for the remaining three months on the lease.I doubt they will and even if they do it's really not that much cash.Fuck them, they've dicked me around enough.Fuck this apartment. Fuck hangovers. Fuck Portuguese soccer fans.
I got home around three last night and checked my email.I almost died laughing when I did.I got an email from a friend of mine who was obviously completely fucking obliterated.They probably couldn't see the screen without one eye closed, and even then I bet it was a challenge.I appreciate the fact that this person tried to send me this, it shows that they really cared, because it must have been really hard.I wish I could understand what is written here but I don't have enough money to buy enough booze to get wasted enough to understand the alcoholic alphabet used in this message.I'll do my best to get fucked up tonight and read it again.Here is the most drunken email ever sent:YOu fukcnoing cock knowckerr. Becausese I sayy youijoo arerea. janen wwent walikklng in thewji juningle and met taruazan. shethought heyet wwas veryu good lokkuing man smf do askeing him lots of quwesipootyions about howe4w he li9vned. then shey7 askehed hinkm howh he //hass, sex. he wsais that yhy93e didna;t know hwat sex wsssiass. so whshe expl9ja9inee23ded it too0 him. he said oh0,k what ti9 i normai09olly do is ju7us87ust stickingeed my dicko icn a treewq hole3dds. sheaw98 sakisds that theyshe woujmldms sjjhpow hoim how tio do it na d lay'''o ;layded downe on the grouanda iwtiht no clotw3hthese on and toldr himml where hw7u37e had to stciksl him cocskcs. he lokoooked at ather and h// iu then qqhe kickeds her really67 hared in the twwart. she acrscreameqed and asaid wahtth thed ecufuck you redi do thatt for07//?? he siadh too cheacko for abeess.hehea3he3heqq. thatat is tha tjokese taht i lliearn to nigh t. irr'm fuckdining wawtssted. bahhhhhr. M*&%$I was forced to erase the name on this email to protect the sender's identity, even though it was incomprehensible as well.Most people do not have numbers in their name, I thought it would have been fine unedited.My drunken friend did not agree.Much thanks and appreciation go to 'M*&%$' for providing a shining example of why we should stay away from our computers when our blood-alcohol level is actually an alcohol-blood level.Keep pounding the sauce.After all, it is Saturday.
My friend JK is here, she got in last night, there was a staff party at the club I work for so she met me there.As soon as she got into the city she was at a club, having sushi for dinner and drinking from an open bar.I think that was a good way to welcome her.We went out after that.Drum & Bass, some Bolivian marching powder and free drinks.I can have fun no matter where I am, as long as there's booze involved, and when it's free booze I'm set.I worked yesterday.I haven't really worked in months.I helped sell jewellery at the tattoo shop where my friend works.I really just sat around for eight hours talking to girls and playing with a wiener dog.I was supposed to be working again right now but the guy who owns the shop decided that I was unnecessary.I'm not sure if I didn't sell enough or maybe the business wasn't good enough to pay an extra person for sitting around.Either way the situation is irritating, I really could have used the money.I still have not resolved the problem with my apartment.I'm trying to break my lease at the end of the month, I don't think it's going to happen.These cocksuckers have been jerking me around non-stop.When I signed the lease, the landlord told me that if I wanted to break it I would just have to give one month's notice.That landlord quit working for the company and I was not informed.When I found out who the new landlord was and managed to talk to her, it was June first.I told her that I wanted out of the lease, she said that I could pay this month's rent in cash and she would give me a letter breaking the lease.She said she wanted cash so that she could be sure that I didn't give her a bad cheque.I had five hundred dollars cash, she apparently had the letter.We had issues connecting with each other and before we had the chance to meet, she quit her fucking job with the company that owns the building.I'm thinking that it's a good thing that we didn't meet, she could have been planning to fuck me over with a useless letter and pocket the cash.Fucking sneaky little bitch.I managed to meet the elusive owner of the building by chance last Thursday.I explained the situation to him, he said that nobody should have told me that I can break my lease with one month's notice.He said that a letter would be dropped off the next day to all tenants with new contact info for the new building management company.He told me to call him on Monday.The Interpol-associated super was there during this conversation.There was no letter on the day promised so I had no phone number come Monday.I talked to the super and she refused to give me his number even though she was present when he told me to call him.I wanted to smash her fucking skull in with a brick.After I bitched for awhile she called him and let me leave a message, the voice mail system cut me off halfway through what I was saying.I was livid.I told the super to get in touch with him and tell him to call me.A few days after that, the letter is finally delivered.I call the company and ask for the person in charge of this building, get transferred to some woman I've never heard of, who is not even in her office at the time, and leave her a fucking message.That was a couple days ago and I haven't heard anything back.In fact, I haven't heard anything from anybody I've tried to talk to.I'm pissed off.These people are a bunch of cum-guzzling shitbags.They can eat a huge bowl of dicks as far as I'm concerned.I'm getting fucked over here and they're doing it by giving me the silent treatment.I'd like some straight answers from someone who is in a position to actually do something, not some bullshit superintendent who works for the pigs.I intend to be on the road back to Toronto in ten days.I need a solution to this problem now.These disorganized borderline slum lords deserve to be skull-fucked.I've even tried another approach, I've tried bribing the super.When people come to look for apartments to rent, she shows them.I've offered her cash if she rents out mine before an empty one.She didn't say no, and when I mentioned it in the hallway the other day she told me to be quiet, she didn't want anybody to hear because it's illegal.She wouldn't act this way if she wasn't open to the idea, she wants discretion.I'm not sure how wise it is to bribe someone who works for Interpol, but fuck it, it's done now.She still hasn't done anything about it though and time is a factor.I'm irate.I can't wait to get back to Toronto.I've had just about enough of this place.The move was worth it in many ways, but I'm fed up.I've really mastered the art of escapism in the past few months.Usually I use alcohol, but I think I'll go grab some PCP tonight.After all, it is Friday.
 urlLinkI originally wrote this post talking about the various places I went to and what I did this weekend. I also had a drug-related picture instead of this one. Looking over it now I realize that the entry was fairly dull, so it has been deleted. The picture was inappropriate as well so it has been replaced with this one. This picture has no relevance to the topic at hand, I just like it and I was looking for a way to incorporate it into this website. Regarding the weekend, I can safely say that I didn't eat enough but I drank plenty. I didn't sleep enough but I did do a fair amount of illicit narcotics. I went to several places with many different people but I didn't really have that much fun. I think that what I saw today was much more significant than what I did over the past few days. I was on my way downstairs to see the super of my building this afternoon. I turned down the hallway to her place and I saw that she was busy speaking with two men. She asked me to give her a minute. I noticed right away that their choice of attire was somewhat odd considering that they were not wearing blue uniforms. They were both wearing bulletproof vests.One was wearing a loose fitting jacket of some sort over his, the other was not. I went up a flight of stairs to the entrance of the building and waited for her to finish her business. The two men left shortly thereafter, they did not look at me as they passed. I had the conversation with the super that I needed to have and I asked her what was up with the two guys in the bulletproof vests. I immediately remember thinking that I shouldn't have brought it up. She told me that she worked with them, this triggered a memory from last weekend.I left a party last Saturday night and came home. I think I was drinking a beer in the stairwell and talking on the phone when my superintendent came up and waved for me to come with her. I got off the phone and went to her place, she was there with her 'cousin' from New York. She rolled a joint, I grabbed some beers from my place and I hung out with them for a bit. At this point in the evening I was completely fucked. I had just ingested a good dose of PCP, I hadn't slept the night before and I had been up drinking and doing drugs all day. I didn't say I was on PCP, I said I was on E, which to me didn't seem like a big deal at all considering I was blazing with them. PCP tends to arouse feelings of dread in most people, myself included. It also makes simple tasks such as conversation very confusing, which is why I wasn't even sure if she had said what I thought she said. Today's chance encounter reminded me and confirmed it at the same time.She works for Interpol. This is an excerpt from their website."Interpol is the largest international police organization in the world. It was set up in 1923 to facilitate cross-border criminal police cooperation and today has 181 member countries spread over five continents. It supports and assists all organizations, authorities and services whose mission is to prevent or combat international crime."I find this entire situation unsettling. What is the reason for an Interpol agent, or whatever she is, to be in my building? Why is she working as the superintendent for a cheap building when she works for the world's largest international police force? She doesn't speak English, only Spanish and French as far as I know, and her apartment has next to nothing in it, as though she hasn't taken the time to settle in. I'm wondering who or what she's looking for or who she's watching. I'm wondering how dangerous my neighbors might be. I know there's some shady people living here but I'm curious what they'd have to be doing to attract the attention of Interpol.Strange things are definitely going on.I think it's best for me to mind my own business. One last thing, I find it very amusing that spellcheck suggests that 'PCP' be replaced with the word 'Pacify'. 
 urlLinkI've seen a lot of strange things in the past twenty four years.I've seen a very muscular, very large, very black drag queen with dreadlocks and tits taking a shit up against a fence in broad daylight.I'm not saying that this is weirder than a body building rasta tranny blowing mud in the sun, but it's still odd. This picture is me.It looks a lot like me.My friend asked me how I made it, as if I'd somehow doctored a photo of myself.Even my brother could see that it looks like me.It's actually just a random picture I took, I've been obsessed with taking shots of graffiti around Montreal ever since I got this digital camera.I didn't even notice the resemblance until I got home and transferred the file onto my computer.It's uncanny. Somebody obviously spraypainted this with a stencil.It's not very big, probably no more than six by eight inches.It's located on Prince Arthur street, just around the corner on a wall beside a bar called Vol de Nuit.It's just up the street from an upscale strip club called Kamasutra.Vol de Nuit has two for one drinks at all times and Kamasutra is a nice club.It's almost as if whoever painted it knew where I'd like to be immortalized, right between cheap drinks and hot girls.How appropriate.
 urlLinkToday I saw an old homeless man eating a pear.He was leaning over the top of a garbage can.He was wearing plastic bags for shoes and he was on crutches.I took a picture of his feet.I was going to write more about how fortunate myself and my friends are and how little we actually have to bitch about.I came to the conclusion that if I haven't made this point clear yet, I never will.Instead I decided that this truck is much more interesting.This is an excellent solution for business owners who do not want their property tagged by graffiti artists.I have seen many buildings that have been decorated with pieces by graf artists.These pieces actually have something to do with the businesses and often incorporate the company name into the artwork.When you run your shop in an area that is completely covered by graffiti, why not just accept the inevitable and get your building bombed by a skilled artist?The rule among graffiti artists is that you don't tag over someone else's art.So if you're business is covered in a manner that is aesthetically pleasing and acceptable to other artists, chances are you won't be 'vandalized'.The truck in the picture takes it to the next level.Cube vans like this get tagged up all the time, I know I've seen it everywhere.There are a few in Chinatown in Toronto that are so covered that you know the owners have given up re-painting them and just accepted it.I believe this truck is from a store that sells slightly exotic meats.I think they're called Fernando's and they deal in venison, ostrich, rabbit and others.The artwork on this truck is not only well done, it's also pretty fucking cool.No other graffiti artists are going to tag this because one of their own has already put effort into it.Note the crazy rabbit on the passenger side door, that's some sick shit.It's pleasing to see when more underground forms of artistic expression are accepted by those who would normally scorn them.Especially if they have been forced into accepting them due to the fact that they have to deal with them whether they like it or not.It shows how resilient people and art can be.So to all business owners who have blank walls on their buildings and are tired of painting over tags...Get a skilled graffiti artist to do a mural for you.A blank wall is virtually irresistible to someone with a spraycan, so do something about it, and pay the artist well. 
 urlLinkI've come to the conclusion that myself and a lot of others need to stop acting like a bunch of self-absorbed little bitches.I'm constantly whining over the fact that I'm stuck in a cycle of abuse.I'm constantly thinking that I'm fucked up, that I've got issues.I have friends who do the same.I know that all our hardships are relative, but I know that we aren't doing that badly when I see people like this.He's a crackhead who hangs out at the corner of St. Catherine and St. Laurent in Montreal.Every time I pass this corner he's there, talking to himself, or to the air, or to pedestrians unfortunate enough to get close to him.They are always suspicious and try to move away as quickly as possible.I know this because I am one of these pedestrians.The other day I walked by and he was trying to call me over to talk to him, as if we actually had something to discuss.I declined his invitation and politely told him to fuck off.I have seen him staring at the ground, looking for crack, picking up random objects that I'm sure he hopes are rocks.He's probably a lost cause, although I hope for his sake that he's not.Maybe one day he can turn his pathetic life around.When I see people like this, it makes me wonder what right I have to complain when things don't go right for me.All my issues are insignificant compared to this man's problems.I've got friends and family and help if I need it. I'm not a ghost.All of us who constantly complain over how fucked up we are and how hard our lives are should really take a look at someone like this.Regardless of what's happening in our lives, it could be worse.On the off chance that I've made a mistake and this guy is not actually a crackhead, I apologize.There's a chance that he has psychological problems.He could be a paranoid schizophrenic.Either way, it still puts things in perspective.Things could be much, much worse.
It's Tuesday afternoon and I believe that my brain has finally recovered enough that I can put my thoughts into words.Yesterday was spent on the couch in the fetal position wondering why I put myself through such hell.I've decided that it's a pattern that is not going to be easy to break, and I'm not sure if I'll ever break it.This might be because I'm unable or it might be because I don't want to, but forget that.I have things to say other than shit I've already said before.Mutek was cool.The arrival of my good friend on Friday evening was the beginning of disaster.She's the best, but when we're together it usually means that trouble is imminent.We began by drinking some wine and eating some cheese and sausage and almonds.We then made it down to the Plastikman event and met up with everyone else.Plastikman was good, but I think I have to agree with what my brother told me awhile ago.He said that Plastikman was about a certain period in time, not only for us, but for the scene, the drugs of choice, and even perhaps for Richie Hawtin himself.It's not quite the same anymore, which is evidenced pretty strongly by the last few albums.Consumed is still a fantastic album and it really showed a departure from the older stuff like Sheet One and Musik.The release of Artifakts B.C (meaning Before Consumed) almost seemed to me to be a half-hearted effort.It definitely seemed less polished and less complete than Sheet One and Musik, the first two albums in the series.Closer, the latest album, while interesting, never really captured my attention like the others.I'd really love to hear something more along the lines of Concept:96 again.What I'm saying here is not meant to insult Richie Hawtin's work, I'm just thinking that maybe what's being done now isn't the same because I'm not the same, or because something else isn't the same, or because nothing's the same anymore.I also got to meet up with a girl I met on Soulseek who's from Winnipeg, Suzanne, aka Audio Angel.She partied with us for a bit, she's cool.Good taste in music, good DJ.If anybody's ever in Winnipeg I suggest you check the club listings and find out where she's spinning. After that the evening got a little blurry,I was fairly intoxicated.On the way to see Magda at Circus my friend realized that he had lost something so we had to go on a mission to try to recover said items.They were not found.The loss was accepted and we moved on to the next available substance and the next party.Though my time at Circus is not really crytal clear in my memory, I know I had a good time.The rest of Saturday was spent staying up, running around, getting high, getting drunk, and being stupid.I know I was fairly rude to a friend of mine but you can only take someone grating on your nerves for so long before you fucking lose it.I probably should have been a little more delicate, but I was not exactly in a delicate mood.Good times.Later that day, my dear friend decided that she wanted to take me out for a nice dinner.So we went to a nice restaurant, I had steak, she had oysters (mussels?), we shared a bottle of red wine and she kept ordering tequila shots.I must say that I had never gone out for an expensive dinner after doing lines of pcp.Now I have.After that the evening turns into another blur.We went to the next party at Metropolis and my friends graciously paid for my ticket due to my extreme state of poverty.I then got overly confused (probably due to pcp) and left.I thought that I had left something at home that I had acquired for a friend, I was right about that.I also thought that I had lost my wallet, I was wrong about that.I accidentally called my friend's dad's cell phone at five in the morning rather than calling hers, he was obviously distressed.I don't recall doing this at all, I pray I didn't say anything stupid.I also almost got robbed by some big black buy on my way home.He grabbed me, pushed me up against a wall and asked me if I had any drugs on me, he actually checked a few of my pockets.I had no drugs on me at the time, and that's obviously all that he wanted because he decided not to take my Minidisc player.There was really nothing I could do about this situation, he was twice my size and with people, I was alone.I'm just happy that he didn't take my MD.It sucked but I didn't lose anything and I didn't get hurt.I made it home and somehow met the Spanish lady who is the super of my building.She invited me to her place and smoked a joint with me and her cousin.I was completely obliterated at this point, I'm sure she thinks I'm completely crazy, which doesn't really bother me.I then came home and passed out, apparently with one eye open.I'm waiting for the pictures.After a much needed rest, I awoke feeling like a bag of shit.My friend and I decided that it would be wise to go to the Picnik Elektronic.I managed to eat something and we hit the liquor store.After grabbing a twenty sixer of white tequila and twelve beers we hopped on the Metro and off we went.I was happy that we got there when we did.Herbert was DJing and I had missed him the night before due my temporary case of pcp induced Down Syndrome. He was playing some funky, strange, slow shit which was perfect at four in the afternoon.We began consuming beers and hitting that bottle of tequila.When the next DJ was on, I wanted to know who it was so I asked a guy who had a performer's pass around his neck.He informed me that it was a new guy on Minus records and that Jeff Samuel was playing next.I told him that I thought that was great because I like Jeff Samuel's stuff.He said 'thanks, that's me, I'm Jeff Samuel.'I found this to be quite amusing considering what had happened to me a few months before while using Soulseek.A girl noticed that I had a few tracks by Mr. Samuel in my files and she messaged me.She told me that she knew him and occasionally snuck into his room and stole music. She sent me a DJ mix by him.I chatted with her briefly and mentionned Mutek and told I live in Montreal, she inquired as to whether I knew of a place they could stay when they came down.I apologized because I live in a shoebox and I had just arrived in Montreal.I told Jeff Samuel this story, it turned out that this girl is his girlfriend and I ended up drinking tequila with her.After that I dipped into more of that pcp and all goes blurry again.I was informed that my friend had to almost carry me home and that every time we hit a red light I tried to lay down and sleep but she wouldn't let me.She said that I looked like a heroin addict.I'm mildly embarrassed by all of this.I just know that when I went to Piknic I had four bags of the stuff, when I got home I had two bags that were about a quarter full each.Dangerous behaviour.I'm lucky to have made it home in one piece.I thank my good friend for babysitting.I slept all night, I woke up to see her off.I then layed around all day long feeling like absolute shit.I ate, I drifted in and out of sleep, I felt guilty for going too far this weekend.I couldn't even look at my computer screen and try to write anything yesterday.I survived though.I made it.This morning was fucking great.I knew that there was a package on the way to me from my brother, he has been referring to it as the 'package of ultimate goodness'.Naturally, I've been curious.I was awoken by UPS this morning around ten o'clock.I was nowhere near prepared for what was in it.First, seven different books, mostly reference and help for writers or people who want to be writers.Which is good because I wouldn't mind doing just that.He also included a book called Grand Central Winter, written by an ex-crackhead who lived in the tunnels under Grand Central Station in New York.It looks fascinating and the forward is by Kurt Vonnegut, so you know there's something special to it.I can't wait to devour this book.Now that all sounds like it's cool enough to be a 'package of ultimate goodness' in itself, but there's more.He also sent me a SICK digital camera.A Nikon Coolpix 3200 with an extra memory card.It takes excellent quality pictures and even video with sound.It also has many other features which I have yet to figure out.I know that I will have a shitload of fun with this new toy.My brother is definitely the man, I can't think of a nicer thing that someone could have done.It's not even my birthday.So that's about it, I've had a crazy few days.I've learned that I like to party like a prostitute.I've learned that pcp is not always a good idea. I've learned that my brother is the man.I think I pretty much knew all that stuff already.Respect and thanks go to Dennise, Ryan, Jacqueline, Chris, Plonka, Will, Sven, Suzanne and Geoff.
It's days like this that make me want to stay in Montreal for longer.Twenty degrees, sunny, nice breeze and tons of gorgeous girls walking around looking like summer.I walked by Metropolis and it looks like the preparations for the Plastikman show are under way.It's nice to see trucks parked out front with Michigan plates, you know that people from Detroit are here.I did a little promo work for Circus, they have finally impressed me again, the first time I went there I was pleased.Akufen played a sick DJ set.Now they've booked Magda for tonight, which is a good idea considering that she tours with Richie.It will be a good night, Andrew Weatherall opening, Plastikman live and then over to Circus for Magda.Two carloads of friends are on their way here from Toronto as I write this, and I've got free passes for all of them.Now the trick is not to get fucked up until after the Plastikman show, I'd like to remember it.I don't know how many times I've gone to a party with the intention of hearing one specific DJ but I get too retarded and it becomes a blur of a night.I usually remember if it was 'good' but I couldn't tell you specifics.I want to take all of this in.He hasn't performed live in over nine years and I was there the last time he did.It was a Transcendance party in Toronto in September of 1995.I was sixteen, on three hits of acid and eating black beauties all night.That's back when speed didn't necessarily mean crystal meth.It was my introduction to Plastikman and I remember it being an incredibly intense night.LSD is the ideal companion for his music.I'm looking forward to this quite a bit, I don't want anyone to talk to me while he's on.No distractions.I'm sure I'll post some type of review tomorrow if I'm not too struggling.To all those who can't be there, I feel for you.
 urlLinkI just let my pal stick a needle through my cartilage in my left ear.Twice.It hurt, but not as much as I expected.After the first one I got a crazy adrenaline rush.I felt hot, shaky and nauseous.I had to lay down.The second one hurt much more and started bleeding, which was interesting.I was still laying down and I could hear my blood dripping on the bed-thing.I still feel a little strange and it's been at least an hour since she did it.I now understand what people mean when they say they get a sort of 'high' from piercing pain.It's not the best feeling compared to some drugs, but it's interesting.It felt like I had done a really strong pill and the first rush of it was way too much.I feel better now.It's burning.I really have to watch how I answer the phone.I didn't think when I picked up my cell a minute ago, it hurt like a motherfucker when I put it to my ear.The person on the other end didn't understand why I was swearing so much.
It's thursday afternoon.After hanging out with a few speedfreak strippers last night I arrived home to a pleasant surprise.I had allowed my friend to use my place to have a few glasses of wine with his girlfriend before they went to the first night of Mutek.When I got in I found that they had left me four perfect lines of Montreal mescaline, or for those not in denial, PCP.Naturally I did them.As I was coping with the feeling of angel dust flying through my nasal passages, the phone rang.It was my friend who had left me the rails.He informed me that he had met one of the performers at the event and there was a ticket waiting for me at the door.I grabbed my shoes and my minidisc player and I walked down to the show.The sound of a recent Richie Hawtin mix helped to put me in the proper mood.I got in with no problems.The SAT is a cool venue.After a beer I was pulled downstairs to the cavernous basement with the unisex bathroom.There is a strange little construct down there which is not unlike an old arcade racing game.Just big enough for two people, it was obviously designed to project a film on the space where the screen would be.There was even two perfect little shelves ideal for beers.More rails were stretched out, by this time I was beginning to realize that I was in for a twisted evening.We returned upstairs.Schneider TM was pretty good.Four piece electronic group with a vocalist.The only song I'm really familiar with is The Light 3000, which is a cover of the Smiths.The rest of their material was alright, though I was pretty retarded by the end of it.The guys who were on after them were shit.Smith & Hack, nothing special at all, just two guys fucking around way too much with some bullshit thumping techno/house type shit.No flow, no direction, no groove.Just constant irritating tweaking.Some of the crowd was into but most people were standing around looking puzzled.This can be a common occurrence at a techno event, otherwise known as a 'chin scratching sausage factory'.I walked home, I barely remember it.I know that I made popcorn and tried to talk to some friends on MSN messenger, but I had to close one eye in order to see straight...so I gave up and crashed.I should attempt to get some real sleep tonight.Plastikman live tomorrow, Magda spinning at Circus and six friends from Toronto coming down.Tomorrow might be the only night that could make me reconsider my decision to leave Montreal, but fuck that, I'm outta here.Salut, Au Diable 
Have you ever taken a big chance?Did you think it would be fine?Did you think that everything would be easy and better and cooler?Did people question what the fuck you were thinking?Did you say 'I'll be fine, I'm (insert your name) for fuck's sake'?Did those people tell you that you'll regret it?That you'll be back?All of this is quite familiar to me.I decided to drop everything I know, everyone I know, a job I loved, a wicked girl, hookups galore and just take the fuck off.People keep telling me that they respect the fact that I actually did it.Many people have said that they would never have the balls to do what I did.It seems now like it's time to admit that this place just isn't for me.At least not right now.Montreal is a cool city and I take back some of the mean things I said in the last post.I just don't think that it's right for me at this particular point in time.I have spent a lot of money on this venture, over five thousand dollars in three months.On the surface that's a ridiculous amount of cash just to go back a few months later.When I look deeper and think about what I've gained out of this experience it all seems worth it.I've come to some serious conclusions about what I want to do in the future and all I have to do now is get this loosely formed plan clarified and put into action.I've also realized what I had in Toronto, and that is a series of interlocking circles of friends that I'll never find anywhere else.As my father recently said to me:'The grass is not necessarily greener on the other side.'Salut, Au Toronto.By the way...the album of the day is Felix Da Housecat - Devin Dazzle and the Neon Fever
Other than sleeping until the mid afternoon I had a reasonably productive day.I called landscaping companies looking for a job because apparently someone who is bilingual with almost a year and a half of bartending experience can't get a job in this shithole of a city.I've really lost faith in Montreal, it's overrated.I personally have changed my opinion on the whole Quebec separation issue.Let the cocksuckers go, I say good riddance to bad rubbish.Fuck 'em all.Eat a bowl of dick Montreal.Even the landscapers were not hiring, at least nobody I spoke to.I'm getting more and more frustrated by the minute.I think I need a little more Toronto in my life.I don't even feel like getting drunk anymore.I know that there's something wrong with me when I have beer in the fridge and I don't want to drink it.Last night I only drank one beer.Today, only three or four, but that was when I was helping a friend move and I didn't really enjoy them that much, I forced them down out of politeness and a sense of obligation.Three guys carrying a bunch of heavy shit seems to be a time when beer must be consumed.It's an unwritten rule.The move was smooth until my friend got a phone call from his 'girlfriend'.She was upset that he was still out helping one of his best friends move.The move took longer than expected as it always does.The exit we needed was closed and when we finally found the other way to the bridge it was gridlock all the way across.This was due to the fact that the famed city of Montreal had two lanes out of three closed for non-existent construction.In addition, this girl was being completely irrational and ridiculous.The fact that she kept him on the phone for fifteen to twenty minutes crying and bitching while he was in the truck with two of his friends was pretty crazy too.She just couldn't seem to handle the fact that he was spending time with anybody else, even if it was to help his good friend move.It's unfortunate to see a good friend of mine caught in such a bullshit situation.There's got to be something really incredible about this girl that he sees that I don't.I understand that he may love her and that love isn't always rational, but I hate to see him suffer.It's unnecessary.Strangely enough, while writing that last paragraph I got a call from another friend in this fine city.His girlfriend just took off.I guess they got in a fight and her method of dealing with it is the opposite of freaking out, she leaves.I don't really know if that's better but then again I don't really know these two that well.I just know that my friend is upset because he's going away for a few days and won't be able to resolve his situation before he leaves.It's highly unfortunate I suppose, but after listening to all the bullshit earlier in the evening, I barely had the energy to talk to this guy let alone make him feel any better.So what about me?I keep missing certain girls who have been in my life in the past but days like this make me wonder.Maybe I only remember the good stuff, but I don't recall anything as bad as this shit.None of the girls I've been involved with recently were this fucked up.At least not that I care to admit...3:43 AM update.Another one of my friends has contacted me for emotional support regarding a fucked up relationship.I won't even go into any details on this one but it's been going on far too long.Someone should have put a stop to this fucking fiasco the minute it started.I think I may have attempted to, but messing with other people's relationships is bad business.Oh well.Life goes on.Love does not.
I haven't been this busy in my entire life, it seems as though I'm always doing something but never really getting anything done.&nbsp; I have so much bullshit on my plate right now and&nbsp;everytime I think I may have accomplished&nbsp;something, there's five more things to do and&nbsp;a nagging&nbsp;feeling that I never really got the first&nbsp;one done.&nbsp; I'm hoping that life isn't like this forever, but I anticipate a future full of 'shit to do'.&nbsp; Gone are the days&nbsp;when my only responsibilities were smoking&nbsp;weed, drinking beer&nbsp;and fucking around.I am intending to move today, it's roughly quarter to two in the the afternoon and it's pissing rain.&nbsp; I don't want to move in the rain but I do want to move today. &nbsp;I have two friends who have offered their assistance, one is a very nice&nbsp;girl who will drive me to the storage space where I&nbsp;will rent a&nbsp;van with money I can't afford to spend.&nbsp; Since I&nbsp;am a useless&nbsp;sack of shit with no driver's license, I need someone to come with me and drive it.&nbsp; She can do that but she won't be able to help me lift anything because she got&nbsp;in a car accident a few weeks ago and fucked her back up. &nbsp;I don't even want her to help me, she should&nbsp;be chilling out&nbsp;eating percs instead of fucking around in the rain with me and my belongings.&nbsp;&nbsp;I have another friend who said that he would be happy to help, but&nbsp;I know that he got caught in a bit of a blizzard last night.&nbsp; I&nbsp;was the one who provided assistance in finding the proper weather conditions for him and there was definitely a&nbsp;few centimeters on the ground in the morning.&nbsp; I&nbsp;should have written him off when he text messaged me at five&nbsp;AM to let me know that he was still&nbsp;awake.&nbsp; Freakin' dust bunny.&nbsp; I just want to move, I want my own place with my own bed&nbsp;in my own room.&nbsp; I want to be twenty stories above&nbsp;this city where I can&nbsp;chill and watch and listen.&nbsp; I&nbsp;want peace and&nbsp;solitude and I'll have it.&nbsp; Soon.In addition to my&nbsp;relocation&nbsp;trials, I have a bachelor party coming up&nbsp;this weekend which&nbsp;should be a good time.&nbsp; I've only ever been to a few of them before and I'm not sure how this&nbsp;one will measure up, but we're doing&nbsp;our best to make it happen.&nbsp; I know for sure that we'll at least be retarded.&nbsp; If it wasn't for the planning abilities of the others involved, we'd be fucked.&nbsp; I'd like to say that I have been useful with regards to this,&nbsp;but I really haven't, I'm too&nbsp;fucking stressed out and busy myself.&nbsp; At least I'm confident in my ability to act as pharmacist for the evening and provide knowledge of the strip clubs in this city.&nbsp; This is not due to&nbsp;excessive patronage,&nbsp;it is due&nbsp;to a former career in the titty shaking industry.&nbsp; I hope that all works out, my friend who is getting married deserves to have a good time.&nbsp; Since I began writing this it&nbsp;stopped raining, the sun is shining, and my coked out friend has yet to return a call.&nbsp; I'm sure everything will work out, it almost always&nbsp;sort of does.For example, yesterday was a good day.&nbsp; I paid my rent for this new place and I got my keys.&nbsp; I also talked to a girl that I'd been wanting to talk to since I got back, I left her a message a few weeks ago but she never called me back.&nbsp; I thought that she probably didn't want to talk to me, sometimes things work out like that.&nbsp; Then again, sometimes they don't, so I called her back, I figured one more try couldn't really hurt.&nbsp; She said that she 'wasn't sure' if she got my message, whatever that means, but that she had been thinking about me earlier in the day.&nbsp; We talked for a bit, she's doing well and she sounds happy so that's good. &nbsp;I'd like to hang out with&nbsp;her again, she's fun and smart.&nbsp;&nbsp;I'm pleased that I haven't lost contact with her even though I've only seen her once in about four months.&nbsp; I also saw a decent movie, turned down some drugs, saw one of the funniest episodes of South Park that I've ever seen and slept like a baby.&nbsp; I'm in the process of trying out a new system, it's like detox but completely half assed.&nbsp; Instead of getting wasted and fucked up all the time, I'm limiting it to the weekends now.&nbsp; No booze or chemicals monday to friday in the late&nbsp;afternoon, but&nbsp;party like a prostitute&nbsp;after that.&nbsp; I did it last week and I'm doing it this week, we'll see how long it lasts.&nbsp; There's one problem, I&nbsp;seem to overcompensate for the sober days&nbsp;by getting extra retarded on the weekends, I'm still hurting from this past&nbsp;one.&nbsp; It's better than what I was doing though, I know that it would be stupid&nbsp;to go on at the&nbsp;pace I'd set for myself&nbsp;these past few months.I'd&nbsp;die.Oh, in addition to all of that, I've got a wedding to MC in less than two weeks which I haven't started planning for at all.&nbsp; I'm trying to go back to school this september part time and I haven't applied yet.&nbsp; I'm only working sporadically and I'm living on the poverty line.&nbsp;&nbsp;My mountain bike&nbsp;only has one pedal and I really need some new clothes and shoes.&nbsp; I've got pulled ligaments in my left foot, an Industrial piercing that just won't seem to heal, a bit of a cold and a really sore jaw (for reasons unknown)&nbsp;and I'm perpetually on the move with no place to go.That's&nbsp;why it's hard not&nbsp;to get wasted all the time.Escapism can be a beautiful thing. 
It felt&nbsp;dirty and I thought I'd feel&nbsp;guilty&nbsp;later on.&nbsp; I was at my friend's house, we had just smoked some marijuana (which I'm told can lead to&nbsp;acts of depravity) when something happened.&nbsp; I didn't mean for it to happen, but it did.&nbsp; I was petting the cat, let's call her Thumper, when she started to lick my hand.&nbsp; At first I was a little uncomfortable considering that my friend (who owns the cat) was there watching...but he didn't stop it.&nbsp; Pretty soon she was going buck wild, just licking away on my left index finger, she got right into it, licking here, licking there, purring with her eyes closed.&nbsp;&nbsp;Thumper had obviously done this before, she was a pro. I must admit I enjoyed it. As soon as I started moaning and encouraging her she took a good portion of my finger into her mouth and gently nibbled on it while continuing to try and lick it.&nbsp; I was surprised by her enthusiasm.&nbsp; Eventually when my moaning reached a feverish peak, she stopped and went to lay down on the carpet, she licked her paws and rubbed her ears, she closed her eyes and went to sleep.&nbsp; I wiped my finger on my shorts and looked at my friend, who passed me the pipe.&nbsp; I felt drained but satisfied. Someday I'll look back on this day with fondness, for my left index finger was pretty clean.&nbsp; Even the fingernail, which is rarely clean. It was the day I got my first sandpaper blowjob. We laughed. 
I saw the apartment and it's perfect for me and I'm taking it and it will be bomb even thought it's temporary.&nbsp; I can even move in sooner than I thought if I want to. I went to a local university and found out everything I have to do in order to apply as a mature student for next year.&nbsp; I now know what I must do in order to increase my chances of acceptance. I sent my camera to my brother to get fixed, I miss it. I met with my friends who are getting married and discussed all my duties as MC as well as all other aspects of the wedding, which I knew nothing about.&nbsp; Now I know something about it. I got stoned and watched the Butterfly&nbsp;Effect.&nbsp; I was ready to damn the film from the start because it's got&nbsp;Ashton Kutcher&nbsp;in it and I thought I couldn't possibly take him seriously, but I guess he was ok and the movie was interesting even thought there were problems here and there.&nbsp; Meh, it wasn't bad I guess.&nbsp; I'd say watch it, fuck it, why not?&nbsp; There was at least a few&nbsp;disturbing and violent scenes.So there...productivity. 
It's amazing how much things can change in a few days.&nbsp; I think I feel like shit today because I had things to do that just aren't going to get done.&nbsp; Walking around and job hunting in a humid thunderstorm is unpleasant and therefore not an option to&nbsp;me.&nbsp; Picking up my bike where I left it last week is also not going to happen, for the same reason.&nbsp; I have to go and see an apartment (or rather a room in one) that I have somewhat agreed to sublet for next month, I say 'somewhat' because of the simple fact that I haven't seen it yet.&nbsp; It's downtown, it's cheap, it's close to everything, but it's only for one month, so it's very fucking temporary.&nbsp; Everything in my confusing life is temporary, except for addiction, and that just doesn't seem fair.&nbsp; If I do decide to take it (and I probably will no matter how ghetto it is) I will still have to leave my belongings in storage, what's the point of moving everything I own into a place for one month?&nbsp; I'll probably just get my bed and stereo.&nbsp; Needless to say I don't like this one bit, especially since I have no clue what's going to happen in&nbsp;the following months.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is no way to live.&nbsp; I need work, a place and then school...Who knows?&nbsp; After that might come a cool new girlfriend, maybe some peace and purpose, maybe some serenity.&nbsp; Maybe not, maybe I'll never be content, maybe that's just how life is for some people, constant fuck ups and chaos and bullshit and partying.&nbsp;&nbsp;There's also a chance that I'm feeling this way due to my excesses over the past few days.&nbsp; I got completely&nbsp;wasted all this past weekend and the days leading up to it.&nbsp;&nbsp;A ridiculous amount of booze and a moderate amount of powder tend to leave me feeling a little depleted, even if I did sleep for close to twenty hours on Sunday. &nbsp; Bah...So it goes. 
Life&nbsp;isn't that bad.&nbsp;I saw my pops yesterday, and he's cool as hell.I saw my little sister yesterday, and she's the shit.I saw a bunch of&nbsp;old friends last night, and that's where it's at.I'm at a friend's house now, sipping beers and vodka after swimming. I'm either partying with&nbsp;them tonight or going to see a good DJ.I'm getting retarded.I got some money, but not much.I got some opportunities, but nothing concrete.I got a compliment, and I liked it.I could be in a worse place.I could be in a worse mood.I could be dying or dead.&nbsp;&nbsp;Nothing's wrong.
As I wandered through this city, stumbling out of one hangover and&nbsp;looking forward to another, I felt a&nbsp;sense of sadness.&nbsp; I saw this place as a&nbsp;desolate tangle of concrete and poison.&nbsp; Every old person I passed reeked of death and loneliness.&nbsp;&nbsp;Every&nbsp;other person&nbsp;seemed doomed.&nbsp; I even saw children in a negative light, it was as though they were all just waiting&nbsp;for the inevitable.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Unfulfilled dreams, wasted lives, regrets, failures,&nbsp;lies, sickness,&nbsp;uncertainty, confusion and misery.&nbsp;I couldn't shake this oppressive negativity, I barely saw the point in trying anymore.&nbsp; I&nbsp;understood why the 'less fortunate' near the shelter at College and Spadina can live the way they do.&nbsp; It could be so easy for someone to&nbsp;lose&nbsp;themselves in a&nbsp;blur of drugs and alcohol and&nbsp;try to forget that there was ever any chance at being reasonably happy.&nbsp; The idea of a purpose in life seemed completely absurd to me.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Then I realized that I was being a fool.&nbsp;&nbsp;It's all perception.&nbsp; That's the way things looked to me earlier today.&nbsp; That doesn't mean that that's the way things are.&nbsp; There are as many&nbsp;ways to&nbsp;perceive the world as there are people walking it's surface.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I was on the Go Train this afternoon, making the trip from Toronto to Oakville.&nbsp; I've made this short voyage hundreds of times.&nbsp; There's one point between Port Credit and Clarkson where someone has built a short bmx course, it's full of jumps and little hills.&nbsp; I saw a few kids with their bikes so I put down my book hoping to see some tricks.&nbsp; I thought I wasn't going to see anything because they were just standing there, but then I noticed something.&nbsp; The kid in the middle had dropped his pants and was proudly displaying his bare ass for everyone on the train.&nbsp; It was a full out mooning and it was great,&nbsp;but the&nbsp;fact that this kid had the ability to moon hundreds of people at once made it better.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mooning one person is&nbsp;funny, mooning a whole train&nbsp;is gold.&nbsp; That made my day, fuck all those depressing thoughts I was having earlier, I need to&nbsp;catch myself when I'm feeling that way, tell myself to stop acting like such a&nbsp;pussy and go out and moon someone or something.&nbsp;That kid's got it all figured out, at least for now. 
I'm probably going to die much sooner than I'd like to. &nbsp; I could be dying right now, and I don't mean in the way&nbsp;people say that 'everyone's dying, just slowly'. &nbsp; I mean, I could really be dying, it's possible. &nbsp; Just a thought. &nbsp; &nbsp; 
Toronto fucking rules and I roll with ill motherfuckers.I hung out with a friend last night and got wasted.I always knew that he did big things but I never knew the extent.When you wear close to $100,000 worth of jewellery but don't have a job it's pretty obvious that you're doing some next shit.He's a nice guy, fun to hang out with and pretty chill, but the stories I heard yesterday blew my mind.Like how some guy was in his house talking shit to him, saying that he was a bitch and claiming that he was going to rob him.All this in front of a girl who was a friend of both of them.My friend went to his room, told the guy to come up, said that he didn't want to get hurt and that the guy could just take his shit.When the guy came in his room, my boy tossed him a ziplock full of cash, pulled out his 'gat' and fired off five shots right beside his head.The guy's deaf.My friend then made the guy get on his knees, put a different gun in his mouth and made him cry until he threw up on it.He then made him clean the gun in front of the girl and sent him on his way.Needless to say the guy forgot that he ever wanted to rob my friend.That's just one story I heard last night.I love this place and everyone in it.I finally got back behind the bar yesterday, I worked with some friends at a fine dining restaurant.For some reason I feel right when I'm serving drinks, it just fits.In Montreal I couldn't even get close to a bar, here I've already worked at one and I have an interview at another on Monday.I've also been denied for a job already and that's ok, it shows that there are at least opportunities here.I also popped by the strip club last night, saw some friends, saw some hot girls and got a phone number for a guy I know who owns a nightclub.Maybe he'll need a bartender, we got along well before so it's worth a shot.Life is good.I just went for a walk with some friends.We hit the liquor store and I got a sub.I was being very obnoxious and rude and it was fucking great.Talking shit can be so much fun sometimes and swearing in french is wonderful as well.My friends were slightly embarrassed, this is a fairly nice neighborhood.On the way back to the house I bit my lip really fucking hard, it's still bleeding a little bit and that shit happened about fifteen minutes ago.How's that for karmic retribution?I was being a dick and now I'm in pain.Fuck.
It's not good when I can't really think of anything good to say.I could write about how I got completely fucked up on saturday night and I don't remember anything but I snapped into reality at a club that I never go to and I don't know why I was there.I could write about how I felt like shit on sunday, went to see a few friends, ate and got stoned and then waited for a bus for too long.I could write about how I went job hunting yesterday and walked for hours, sure it was productive but there wasn't much that looked promising.I could write about how I am completely in limbo and I don't know what the fuck I'm doing but then I'd feel like a bitch.Instead I think I should go for a ride and wait for my laundry to finish.I think I should continue job hunting.I think I should do some part time promo work for the club I used to work for.I think I should go see some friends.I think I should stay somewhere different tonight.I hate being on the move constantly, but I have to do what is necessary.I need a home.This plan of staying with friends, subletting and then housesitting for the next four months is looking less and less attractive. I need a fucking job.The problem is that I never know what's going to happen and this world can be a tricky motherfucker, and things never seem easy.I guess stability and I just weren't meant for each other.Toronto's cool though.
It's good to be back.The move was a serious pain in the ass for all concerned and I'm happy it's over.I'm pleased to say I won't have to deal with Uhaul's particular brand of expert fuckery for awhile.Thanks go to my pops for making it happen and for not being in a terrible mood throughout the ordeal.I've already seen a lot of people I wanted to see.Had pints with a few of the boys the first night I got home.Got a little retarded with my pal yesterday afternoon.Went to visit another good friend and saw his new place.Went to my old work to say hello and wound up staying all night.Saw a lot of people who I'd been eager to see,waitresses, doormen, bar guys, dancers.Much love to Diamond, Haley, Victor, Fiona, Tracy, Ann Marie, Tony, Souci, Dave, Chris Calder, Gregor, Germano, Javier, Kris, Nick, Shane, Tammy and the list goes on...I then stayed out late with the multifaceted one and heard some crazy stories.It was really good to see him.It was also good to see his best friend, and though I've only met her on a few separate occasions I know she's the shit.I was blown away by how much of a good friend she is to him.My friend is loved.I would have said 'more than he knows' but he knows.It was intense.Now I'm going to go camping and see a bunch of people who I haven't seen in months.I'll probably get fairly retarded, which sounds about right.Viva Toronto.Just a little update...the ride decided not to go so I'm not camping.Not sure what to do now.I'm sure I'll find something and I'm sure it will be more interesting than anything I would have been doing in Montreal.That's because I'll probably be doing something with someone I haven't seen in awhile, and that's fucking great.
When I was waiting to leave Montreal this morning, there was a brutal thunderstorm.It was as though the city was saying fuck you one last time but in a very loud and dismal way.When I thought it was over I stepped outside, it started again.Harder.When I got into Toronto this evening, there were fireworks everywhere.It was probably because of Canada day but it was felt like it could have been for me.Like the city was happy to have me back and it hadn't been the same since I'd left.When I came home there was fireworks.
I still haven't moved. I have an apartment that I've paid rent for but all I've got there is some clothes and a computer. The computer may be sitting dismantled in a pile on the floor but at least the clothes are clean. The apartment is empty, the previous roommates have vacated the premises. It's a fairly large three bedroom on the twentieth floor of a pretty ghetto building which looks out over the most densely populated area in all of Canada. The guy who's room I took assured me that he heard less gunshots this summer than last. The other girl who apparently still lives there is staying elsewhere and I'm alone with no bed. I still don't even know whether she's hot or not. This means that I have been couch surfing and staying wherever I can until I manage to move my stuff in.The friend who was supposed to help me last week didn't call for two days, and when he did, it was only to ask me if I could grab him some more charlie. He did offer a half-assed explanation for why he stiffed me out, but it didn't explain the lack of a phone call. He has since re-offered his assistance for this week, and oh yeah, he wants me to go on another mission. I think if I decide to accept his aid, the mission can wait until after the move. That way there's less chance of someone getting lost in another blizzard and disappearing for two days. The nice girl who I mentioned in a previous post tried to help me move the next day. I say 'tried' because we had some miscommunication with the truck rental place and never got the job done. She went way out of her way for me and for that I thank her, it's just too bad that the past couple weeks have been filled with world class fuck-ups. One day soon I'll have a bed that I can go home to, I'm fed up with imposing and I'm sick of couches. In addition to all of this I was becoming disinterested with the weekday detox thing I was doing, but it was no longer an issue.Friday had arrived.One thing I learned this weekend. Doing a cap of morphine and drinking twelve beers can not be defined as 'taking it easy on a friday night'. Saturday afternoon I threw up several times in the bathroom of a restaurant in the gayborhood and then ate a huge breakfast. I had already ordered food before I started feeling sick so I had to eat it, it would have been a waste otherwise. Being exceptionally poor inspires thinking like this.Saturday night was successful. The bachelor party came together nicely. We had a nice suite in a fine hotel, lots of beer and liquor, plenty of pills and weed, some good music and some good people. We got my friend retarded and made him wear a bright orange Muu Muu, a ridiculous hat and a ball gag, he was treated to a lap dance at a fine strip club, he was with friends. What more could you ask for? I admit that some of the negroes who were in town for Caribana weren't impressed with his outfit, but after we explained that he was getting married most of them stopped calling him a 'bahti boy'. I'm not sure how you would actually spell that, but based on my friend's roommate, and the confidence she displayed when she told me how she would spell it, I think that's probably about right. Regardless, it was a good night, shouts go out to Rod from North Carolina, keep working for the kids and remember that it's always a good idea to drink with retarded white guys by the pool.Sunday night was difficult but the motivation was strong. Industry reunion (kind of) party at the Docks with Mark Farina, DJ Sneak, Doc Martin, Stacey Pullen, Josh Wink and some other good locals. I saw a lot of people I hadn't seen in months and saw some good people that I'd seen more recently but were still a pleasant surprise. I either chilled outside on the patio by the water or I was inside shaking it like a salt shaker. The music was fucking good. It's important for me, when I shake it, that I shake it in a manner befitting a salt shaker. It's also reasonable to shake it like a crying baby, though it may be frowned upon.Upon leaving the party I was dropped off at a parking lot where my friends had parked their cars. It was at Shuter and Sherbourne, which is a sketchy area, especially early morning on a holiday monday. You wouldn't think that this would be a peak time for strange motherfuckers walking the streets, but it definitely is and if you really think about that, you'll probably agree that it should be. I've decided that I like passing a bottle of Jack around while drinking beers with my friends. I like it even more at seven in the morning at the corner of Shuter and Sherbourne while a group of sketchy people sit on the steps on the other side of the street. It definitely helps that they were drinking too, they were just like us and we were just like them. We are the kind of people who drink on street corners in the morning.Since then, I've been sleeping and playing with a kitten and three puppies. The puppies are only seventeen days old, they can't walk yet and they look like little polar bears.I wish I didn't have to wake up for a week. 
Good day, all you bloggers out there! It is a fabulous Tuesday morning!! I really don't have much to say right now. It's almost break time and I'm venturing out of the corporate world for some Starbucks with Sarah. There is a tall cafe mocha with extra whip cream with my name written all over it! I hope everyone has a really great day!! I know I will...it's Tuesday..that means volleyball and dodgeball tonight!!!!
First I would like to thank my geeky boyfriend for pointing out my excellent spelling and grammer. I had a very good night sleep last night thanks to a great conversation I had with Matt. I just got to work and I'm already having a SUPER day just thinking about him! Tonight, I must visit Sue at the Rag Shop who will help me conduct my madness...I mean....help me start my costume! I must also go back to Michaels Craft store to pick up one more wooden block since I thought there were four in the bag when I bought it.....and came home to find there were only three. I can count as well as I can spell. Well I think someone just came in with some cookies and C is for cookie...it's good enough for me..cookie cookie cookie starts with C!!!! Have a great day everyone! and Matt I will keep you entertained via text message today, love your hot girlfriend!! xoxo
First, I would like to thank my girl Brie for introducing me to blogging. Well this morning I started working on my Halloween costume. This year I will be Talim from Soul Calibur II. I also went car shopping with my parents....How exciting!!! My mother ordered a 2005 Toyota Solara convertible in red with black leather!!! I also went to my friend Beth's bridal shower. I have never been to one before so I didn't know what to expect....but I had sooo much fun!!! I can't wait to have a bridal shower of my own minus the hidious gifts. Tonight i'm going to see "Without a Paddle" with my friend Natanya. We are now in our new office at work and it's really nice to have my own cube to decorate. My coworkers decorated with flowers, animal pictures, and dumb quotes. My cube is full of anime, cartoons, and bamboo plants....I'm starting to see a Japanese theme. Which reminds me that the Japanese Bon festival at the Morikami museum is this weekend. Woo hoo!!!!!! This weekend better fly by really fast because I can't wait to see my boyfriend Matt Friday night......counting down the days......
 have been avoiding the pregnancy test for a few weeks.I knew that there was a good possibility that I was pregnant, but too scared to buy a pregnancy test.Perhaps I was just scared of how life-changing it could be.My sister kept bugging me to just buy one, though, so I finally got brave and did.The results- positive.So, I told Jason, and his reaction wasn't what I expected at all.In fact, he wasn't excited really at all, which really hurt.But I just chalked it up to shock.I know that pregnancy tests aren't always right, so the next morning I took another test.The results- positive.We decided to wait to tell our families and friends until this next weekend when we go home, so I really had no one to talk to about it.And to make it even harder, Jason came out and told me that he wasn't excited at all.He didn't feel ready, and he is very worried about everything.It hurt a lot.Feel like I am kind of in this on my own.So, in an hour, I will go to the doctor and find out for sure if I am or not.I am nervous about going- I think because if I find out I am not I am going to be very disappointed.I want to be a mom.I am excited for this baby.Yeah, I am worried about being a good mom, aboud providing for my child, and for even the possibility of messing them up, but I am ready.I am just so thankful to God for this blessing.And I know that God is in control and will be with us and provide for us.So God, I look to you.
 know that a lot has been said about President Reagan in the past week since he passed, and I couldn't even begin to compare with what has been said.But what I will say is that Reagan was a good man, a great president, and someone that people could look up to.The world was a better place because he lived, and we will miss him.With President Reagan passing this week, it has brought up a lot of feelings about my own grandfather who passed away in December.He suffered from Alzheimers also, and for those of us who are unfortunate enough to have a loved one go through this, we all feel for the family of President Reagan.Watching my grandfather slip away from us was the hardest thing that I have ever had to endure.I would go to visit him, and he had no clue who I was.But as I looked deep into his eyes, I saw glimpses of my grandfather.I prayed every night for a year that Grandpa would make it to my wedding.And when it came time for the wedding, I had to make the hardest decision of all- not to have my grandpa there.It was best for him- he would have become aggravated as the day went on being surrounded by so many people he didn't know and in a setting he wasn't familiar with.But that didn't mean that I didn't miss him there either.After the wedding, Jason and I took wedding pictures to him so he could see the events of the day.And he kept asking me who people were in the pictures.He would also talk to me about his granddaughter, Cody, who was so happy.And I would talk back about myself in the third person.He was always trying to create an escape plan out of the Alzheimers unit that he was in.The doors were locked for the safety of the patients, and this drove the farmer in my grandfather crazy.So, when we would come visit, he would have a plan of escape and try to get us to go along with it.He was always looking out for us, telling us that he would distract everyone so we could escape.But the hard thing about these sometimes funny discussions was the fact that we couldn't protect and save him like he was willing to do for us.We had no choice but to leave him there.And when it was time to go, he would chase you down the hallway, and when the locked door closed behind you, he would bang on the door.One day he banged on the door for minutes, screaming at me, cussing at me.And all I could do was cry and cry and cry.There are a lot of bad memories of the last years with my grandfather, but I will never forget the man he was before the disease!And I was so thankful to God that his suffering is over! God be with those whose family members have or have had Alzheimers, and be with those who suffer from it!
 was trying to be careful on Sunday in the 95 degree heat.I actually put on sunscreen (something my mother has yelled at me for not doing ever since I was born).I did, however, have to wear my shorts and a tank-top to weed, that way I would work on my summer tan.When did having a tan body become so important?Don't we realize the dangers of skin cancer, especially after seeing so many diagnosed with it?Anyway, the sunscreen did protect me on the areas that I placed it.I didn't take account for my shirt riding up when I bent over to pluck the weeds out of the soil.For over an hour, the skin on my lower back was exposed, and I have been paying the price for it ever since.I have never had a sunburn that hurt so badly.I can't sleep, can't sit, can't walk without it hurting me some how.I guess it teaches me a good lesson though.And as much as it pains me to say it, I will go ahead and face the truth:Mom was right!
riday night I took my youth group camping.We had a great time, running around without a care in the world, playing hide-and-go-seek in the tall trees by the shadow of the moon in to the wee hours.When do we lose that child-like attitude?Where does it go?A lot of times, I notice that my teens are afraid to have fun for fear of looking silly.Why?Who cares if you have a little fun and regress back to your childhood days?Who is really watching and caring about your every move?One of my boys made this clear to me as we were running away from our seekers.He says to me, "Cody, even though you are older, you still have some of the child left in you."I wonder how often the kids only see the adult side of me.What is so wrong with showing the kid side?What is so wrong for me to be an adult and still act like a kid?There is so much that we lose by hiding that side of us!I wish more adults would break out and act like kids once in a while!Was exhausted Saturday due to less that two hours of sleep!But being an adult, you have to get things done, so I worked on my list.One of those things on the list brought me and Jason up to the church.And as we are getting out of the car, I hear my co-worker, Vicki, yell to come here.I get out of the car and walk quickly to the side of the building.And there is a wobbly hours old baby antelope.So cute!It didn't even have the fear of humans in him yet.He just sat there and bawled at us, and even tried to follow us.But being brought up around wild animals, you know not to touch them, that the mom has stashed them away and will come back for them.So cute- hard to leave alone, but sure enough Sunday morning, the baby antelope was gone.Sunday at church was fun because mid-way through service I feel this hand grab my foot.I look down and there is 8 month-old Ryan crawling under our chairs.He sat and played in front of us, having a great time chewing on our pen and water bottle!I can't wait to have kids of my own and to share these experiences with them!
riving in to work this morning, I was feeling tired and sore from playing a couple of softball games last night.My eyes were on myself, my hurt leg, my tired eyes.And then God gave me a little perspective.I was speeding along the road, trying to not be late to work, when a family of geese began to cross the road.I slowed down and watched God's creation in awe.The parent geese standing in the middle of the road while 9 baby geese crossed.They had to wait a while too, because although most of the geese realized the severity of the situation of on-coming traffic and tried to cross quickly, there was one who couldn't figure out how to get off the curb.They patiently waited, and he soon found a way, and off and waddling he went.It is moments like these that I remember who I am- a creation of God.But not just any creation- God created me to please him.He loves me and will take care of me, even more than he cares for the geese.In moments like these I realize that the world doesn't revolve around Cody, that their is a greater purpose for me being here.And those geese were put there at that moment to help me remember my Heavely Father.What a great way God teaches me and points me back to him!
he church that I work at sits right on the outskirts of Gillette.Now, for those of you who dont' know, Gillette sits on the North-eastern part of Wyoming.About 25,000 people live here, which is pretty good size for Wyoming.And we have another claim to fame- we are called The Energy Capital of The World because most of the nation's energy comes from Gillette.Other than that, it is dry and flat.But when you grow up next to the Rocky Mountains, everything seems flat to you.Actually, I have come to enjoy this flat land- you can see for miles and miles which can actually be quite beautiful.Anyway, back to the church that I work at.Because it sits on the outskirts of the town, we have a lot of antelope that frequent the church.They sit next to the glass, eat all our plants and grass.They really are quite beautiful animals.Their huge black eyes looking at you, their peaceful nature.I could sit in my office and watch them for hours.Makes me wish that my life could be that peaceful, that the only worry I had was where I would eat, or if some human was getting too close to me.Life would be a lot simpler, that is for sure.
ell, here I am trying an online journal.That is what my blogger will be- my personal thoughts, my dreams, my feelings- life through Cody's eyes.I suppose I should introduce myself for those who might venture onto this sight.My name is Cody.I am a 25 Christian female originally from Lyons, Colorado (near Boulder).Two years ago I got married to a great man named Jason, who is from a ranch in Eastern Colorado.Last year I graduated from Chadron State Collge (in Chdaron, Nebraska) with my Bachelor's of Science in Education with an endorsement in Physical Education and Health K-12.So, you probably think that I became a teacher.Not exactly.God had other plans for me, and for almost a year now I have been a youth and young adult minister in Gillette, Wyoming.I have had many great and interesting experiences that have shaped me to be the person I am today.From playing volleyball in college, to growing up with great Christian parents, I have many fun tails that I might share through this journal.But until then.....here's my Wilder journey.
