A Gentle Summer Breeze1

The wind blows with subtle clarity.
From one location to another,
Finding its way through the summer air.
It asks itself, "Where will I end up?"
Yet continues on with determined pride.

Doubtful of its worth,
Shaken with detained observation, 
It stops. Contemplating its
Future, the implications of such an action.
Introspecting the very purpose it 
Set out to achieve. 
"What has traveling done for me?"

"So far, many things," responds He with confidence.
"I have always been a constant and peripatetic traveler.
I have gone through the scenic hills of Africa,
And hiked through the barren deserts of the Sahara.
I have suffered the rage of the tumultuous ocean, 
And have endured neglect in Antarctica.
I have been through the Amazon forest:
There, I silently observed the spectacle of many
Different creatures: 
The friendliness of the pandas, 
The sweet call of the parrots, 
And even the ferocity of the jaguar. 
I have been through the deciduous regions of the Americas,
And hiked through the rugged terrain of the Middle East.
I have been to the Australian outback,
Seen the kangaroos and the mountainous paradise.
I have traveled abroad to tropical islands,
The Hawaiian grandeur with superfluous sunlight.
Through the years, I have witnessed 
The interconnectedness of such harmonic creations.
The world was once a wilderness, an ethereal concoction.
Trees, young and old, once respected, now unobtrusive specks of dust.
New York City, Paris, Zurich, Mexico City, Tokyo, 
Once natural havens for biological succession, 
Now mere toxic assets, anthropocentric venues for trade and business. 
Most importantly, my travels have taught me the call of nature,
Appreciating what exists, notwithstanding its imperfections.
I have examined what is there, not partly, but comprehensively.
I travel to learn, to adapt, to see new things,
And to experience the natural wonders of the world."

And so, he continues off into the gentle summer air,
Off to teach others his call, his mission,
His life story, entrusting his future
In the Call of Nature.


Titles2
A Title, a saying, a nickname,
A saying, a nickname, a voice,
a nickname, a voice, a reputation
a voice, a reputation, a perspective
a reputation, a perspective,  a Title.

Think about the Interconnectedness of such words.

A Title is something that is always there,
A description of someone's inner tendency.
To some, it is a simple phoneme put together with
The various disorganizations of speech.
To others, a title comes to represent a 
Morpheme, an auditory representation
of something meaningful.

All in all, titles oftentimes dictate who we are.
Our language transforms our mental set 
To something that is artificial. No longer
Does feeling get expressed through 
Nonverbal cues. We direct language at 
People for communication –
To procure resources, 
to organize our population,
To establish leadership, 
To effectively say what is on our mind. 
But titles are subject to linguistic relativity. 
Titles exist to create artificial meaning
In things we attempt to describe.

In this way, we shape our lives around titles.
College majors, significant certifications, class rank,
Distinguished citizens, Hollywood actors, sport superstars.
Yet these are the type of people who do not 
Explore life possibilities on their own. They take a
Premeditated life path. No longer do they pave the way
For innovation and become singular people who are 
Far-reaching, but they become something that is a 
Final product of a goal - something reachable over the 
Horizon, but difficult to attain.

We esteem those with respectable titles,
But comprehensively titles are of little intrinsic worth.
True, they may help you get a better-paying job in the workplace,
Make you more popular and powerful in this world. 
But the fatal flaw one realizes too late is that an existing title helps foster 
Adherence to societal norms.
Titles are worthless when you 
Are trying to make a difference in the world through innovation.

So how do we avoid such conformity to what already exists?
Take a new path everyday. 
Take the "road less taken." 
Be the odd person out of the group. 
Use nonconformity to promote creativity of the mind. 
Shape your own college major. 
Mold yourself into a more diverse person. 
Discover your multiple intelligences.
Dip your foot into different cultures. 
Gain different perspectives. 
Hear what others have to say instead of letting your voice take primacy.
Imagine ways on how we can change the world for the better. 
Stray away From negativity and self-remorse. 
Pity nothing and no one. 
Live in a world of your own. 
Constantly write down your ideas and plans for inventions. 
Never let a useful thought slip away into the abyss. 
Function at the maximum of your potential, day in and day out, every day of your life. 


These things coupled together will make you into a creative person, 
A non-fungible being that harnesses individuality,
An innovator that escapes the tragic flaw of the "title" dynamic.
































A Mind Divided3


A mind divided can be a terrible thing,
Yet we anticipate what the next day will bring.
Maybe tomorrow the pieces will fit together,
Unit and subunit, like a bird and a feather.

Evidence is what preponderates the mind, 
Always searching for what we can find.
Dim hopes fading, while science steadfast,
Attempting to guide what we can amass.

"Where is the harmony?" you ask in contemplation, 
A smooth and rather confidential deliberation.
One side verified, while the other side has potential,
A dichotomy proposed to a question that is very influential. 

"Which side to take?" is the next question provoked,
Yet all you can produce is a cloud of smoke.
Both sides eloquent yet very misleading, 
Suggesting a compromise, a intertwining,
As a best answer to a question that is worth finding.

As the acoustic music is playing in your head,
You have decided that this is something that you dread. 
The attempted harmony is not yet achieved,
Intermediate notes seem to cause you to aggrieve.

Compromise does not work for issues like these,
The lock fits into only one of the many keys.
It is either one extreme or another, 
Loud or soft, not moderate.
Cold or warm, not lukewarm.
Polar opposites, each having a magnetic pull.
One side positive, the other negative,
Each one wishing the other to fall.
A decision can be made only through
The activation of one force and 
The inactivation of the other. 

Irresolute, you stand in utter confusion,
Both sides still strong, in a standstill fusion.
Where will this take me? How will I decide?
There is nothing left for me to hide.

The answer emerges from discussion with others:
Your friends, your teachers, your very own mothers.
These are the people that help you to decide which side is best. 
Then your opinion becomes more than just a dubious guess. 

As time goes on, your viewpoint solidifies.
Weak and malleable scraps of metal 
Fuse together to form skyscrapers of forethought. 
You hold onto your beliefs with confidence, 
Knowing that the link has been made,
The key has fit into the lock,
The gate has been opened,
Released from its chains,
Your mind has become free.
What follows is abundant utility.

A nuanced framework providing problem-solving ability,
With increasingly beautiful flexibility.
A mind in harmony, at last, a seamless creation,
A final accord requisite for almost all of causation. 












































Crestfallen Autonomy4


From the depths of the Earth's abyss -
Below the supreme stratum of human life,
Beneath the sovereign topsoil,
Underneath the compacted crust,
Subordinate to the Earth's mantle,
The lowest depth on the hierarchical scale-
We are created.

The core of the Earth is our Creator.
Do we, too, not have a purpose?
We see no light, yet it shines off our skin.
We do not feel heat, yet we are exposed to it.
We do not breathe, but we do interact with air.
We do not taste, but we are 
Sustained by biogeological processes.
Yes, we are an asset of nature, left and deposited 
Here on the Earth with a purpose, 
Transparent with undefined mystery. 

Crestfallen and weak, we rise. 
With diffident zeal and fragmented enthusiasm,
We attempt to evoke meaning out of our very existence.
What are we? Why are we placed here in the core?
A rock, stuck beneath the Earth -
Hot and new, yet laconic and undefined. 
The mantle reshapes us into a new Being -
Multilayered with intricate diversity.
Our "Creator" establishes a cultural eclecticism:
He manufactures us out of the same atoms
And minerals of the previous Being, but the 
Atoms are juxtaposed in a way that differs
Remarkably from the previous design.
How amazing is the adroitness and ease
At which the Creator performs this very action!
Swift and routinized, He prepares for the next
Individual to be molded into a broad new 
Composite from magma. We do 
Lack perception, but we are purposefully
Created by the "Force of Nature." 

Do we not also try to build a hierarchy of worth?
We beg the creator to make us into precious gems,
And promise to resolutely follow His will.
We seek to be animated and free,
And upon this request "the Creator" responds:
"You shall rise up from the depths of the Earth,
But of what you are transformed into is not 
Under my control. You have something which
I may call free will. Your inner motives and thoughts,
As well as your actions, will turn you into either a precious
Germ, volcanic ash, or an insignificant mineral. 
Once you are formed, to me you shall return and 
Be judged, for everything that I create has purpose 
And originality. I will reshape and remold you into
A new creation, based on how I analyze your choices.
For eternity I shall reign, and life I give to you.
Go out into the world and continually seek Truth,
And you shall be remolded into gems 
And live a life replete with fruitfulness."

And so, we enter the Earth in a predetermined form, 
Looked upon by living beings with subliminal disgust or
Admiration. They attempt not to look at the deeper 
Meaning of our existence, but instead try to 
Utilize us in ways that benefit themselves. 
We live in immobility, and in time
Sink back to the depths from where we were formed,
Just as the Creator had promised.
Others, however, were robbed of their "free will."
They were taken by humans and changed into
Contradictory forms, delaying the time
To reintegrate with the core.
As a result, the "Creator" demands that 
Volcanoes erupt throughout the Earth,
Angry that such a force - human interaction -
Would disturb the free will of his Creation.
Tectonic plates converge and earthquakes 
Spread from America to Asia to Africa to Antarctica.
Human existence and irrationality could not justify such randomness,
So they devised elaborate scientific explanations for 
The Creator's aggrandizing rage.

During the course of our existence, we ask:
Why are we so lonely?
Though we know others are composed of the same
Materials as us, why has the line of communication
Been disconnected? What must we do to 
Gain favor and reduce the spontaneity of our 
Creator's concoctions? We remain in a state 
Of deep thought, quiet contemplation, 
While witnessing life progress on Earth.
To be immortal is both a curse and a blessing.
We see a living organism perform actions that allow
For unparalleled independence and for flexible
Interaction. However, a living organism is weak
and dies, lacking the ability to sustain itself
For long periods of time. Living organisms also
Are exposed to fear, temperature extremes, 
And predatory danger. At least we know that no external 
Force, besides our "Creator," can influence our
Thoughts, actions, and fate. 

Eventually we sink back into the depths of oblivion,
Returning to the sphere of our creation. 
Though secluded, we have a sense of empowerment -
The power to know that once again we will be 
Created, once again we will become anew,
Once again we will witness the wonders of 
Our Creator, and once again we will be
Deposited on the Earth in a nuanced form. 
We have been through the struggle,
And we will repeat the struggle again.
The coexistence of death and regeneration
Transcends life itself.

We are here - we exist.
Why can't you see us?
How shall life begin?
From ashes we are made into flesh.
How shall life end?
From flesh we are made into ashes.
How shall life continue?
In contemplation and deep thought of our very existence.
From ashes we are made,
And to ashes we shall return. 




























Epitaph5
Here lies a man who was
A Seeker of Knowledge,
Who assiduously followed his scientific ambitions.
A constant and Peripatetic Traveler, 
Who lived in and adapted to an environment of change.
A Determined Competitor, 
Who never backed down to any challenge that was brought before him.
We remember not the greatness of his accomplishments,
Nor the peculiarity of his inmost character.
What we are to remember about him is his rationalistic insight,
Contributing to and promoting the voluminous truths of Mankind.
Only the very Laws of Nature can honor this man. 




































Memories Once Vivid, Memories Now Fading Away6
You are but a glimmer in an eye,
A fading light that seeks to find
An end. A stopping point, 
A point where no light can
Be renewed, nor penetrated,
but transformed
Into new forms of energy.
Light has its parameters,
You do not. 

With your power comes
Great potential. To spark
The creativity of recollections,
Of the exposure of your 
Truth. Each new recollection is a 
Revelation: I discover novel 
Predilections of experience each
Time my brain recounts you.

Oh fleeting memories,
So vivid you once were.
In youthful glory, in vain
Serenity you once stood.
Quietly standing amid the 
Titanic, the influx of information
Most important at hand.
Yet David defeated Goliath,
And you too stand bold 
And fastidious amongst a 
Wealth of information.
Still, too, you remain after
All I have done to you.
The neglect I have given
You; I should have 
Been closer while I was still in school.
Episodic memory is hard
To erase.

Do not blame me,
For when it comes to times of 
Pain, oh how little I appreciate
Your boldness and audacity.
To interfere with my thoughts,
To make my life miserable,
To constantly travel and 
Be a shape-shifting consistency.
In these times, Please leave when I ask,
Never to return again.


Polarized Volition7
The inquisitorial sophist. 
The searcher for truth.
Volatility. Cacophony. Disharmony. Skepticism.

The habitual latency,
or the ostensible truth? 
The causal division,
or the misleading unison? 
The external sphere,
or the internal facilities?
The implementing medium,
or the forming locus?
The seeming transparency,
or the definite opacity?
The reciprocal relation,
or the distant link?
The immutable agent,
or the heuristic unpredictability?
The nuanced opinion,
or the orthodox framework?
The relished simplicity, 
or the steadfast complexity?
The lax debauchery, 
or the determined virtue?
The resolute activism,
or the insecure speculation? 
The polarized volition,
or the concrete veracity? 

An insecure public citizen.
Conformity. Submission. Gullibility. 
Smell. Sight. Taste. Touch. Hearing. 
Olfactory. Occipital. Gustatory. Tactile. Aural.
We smell pleasant fumes, we smell putrid fumes.
We see abstract beauty, we see unadorned ugliness.
We taste sweet food, we taste bitter food. 
We touch smooth surfaces, we touch rough surfaces. 
We hear complementary notes, we hear acrimonious notes.
We run in light, we run in darkness.
We see in clarity, we see in ambiguity.
We perceive not with our mind, but with our senses. 
Sensual allurement. Sensual hurt. 
The emotional hominid. 
Paul Ekmen's framework: anger, disgust, fear, happiness, sadness, surprise.
Though embedded innately, his emotions overreact to a stimulus. 
He gets angry when someone curiously disturbs him.
He displays disgust at those who provoke challenges.
He fears irrationally, little and innocuous things. 
He is contented when he has success.
He is sad when he founders at the very things he is skilled at.
He is surprised when he cannot predict his context.
His emotions guide his lifestyle,
A roller coaster ride that cannot be predicted or controlled. 

The algorithmic intellectual. 
Correlation. Unity. Dualism. Le Chatlier's Rule.
The system changes to reduce excesses and increase shortages.
Neutrality. Equilibrium. Inertness. Convergence. 
The habitual latency balances the ostensible truth.
The causal division counteracts the misleading unison. 
The external sphere works in concert with the internal facilities. 
The implementing medium stabilizes the forming locus. 
The seeming transparency ameliorates the definite opacity.
The reciprocal relation enriches the distant link. 
The immutable agent provides for the heuristic unpredictability. 
The nuanced opinion fuses with the orthodox framework.
The relished simplicity fuels the steadfast complexity.
The lax debauchery equalizes with the determined virtue.
The resolute activism is interwoven within the insecure speculation. 
The polarized volition is catalyzed by the concrete veracity.
I am here; I am equalized; I am balanced. Join me.
Equilibrium established - polarized volition eliminated. 

Mission successful.




























Sunset – A Valediction to High School and Our Progression through Life8


12:00 AM. 
Darkness covers the skies.
You are introduced to the world.
We begin the journey 
Of our lives in "tabla rasa"....

2:00 AM
Education molds us into 
The individuals who we are.
Mother's teach babies 
Holographic speech.
Babies learn to walk from
The direction of parents....

4:00 AM
Fathers teach toddlers how to ride 
Bikes, use the bathroom, and 
To adapt to the basic needs of life...

5:00 AM
Adolescents become self-teachers,
Adapting to the technological paradigm
Through the observation of their fellow peers.
Cell phones, ipods, mp3s, computers,
Windows XP & Vista, Ps3, Xbox 360 become
Commonplace...

6:00 AM. 9th grade.
The sun rises in the East.
Bright and vivid and comfortable.
High school brings forth a new
Stage in life. Before, your inner tendencies
Are yet to be discovered. Who will 
You become? What will you aspire to be?
How do you want to develop? What is
Your Social preference:
Introversion or extroversion? 
Who do you want to befriend?
Who do you want to avoid?
What classes do you want to take?
Which extracurriculars should you get involved with?.
What are your educational preferences: self-study or
group-study? Such Explorations are performed 
in an attempt to discover who you truly are...

12:00 PM. The sun progresses,
Incandescent and warm.
The realizations then pursue.
You see that high school is the platform that
Highlights your idiosyncrasies.
Chastised by some, loved by others (friendships follow).
High school frees your mind to think creatively.
It is a secondary venue for forming opinions and viewpoints.
The initial exposure to high school seems 
Like an unprecedented paradise. 
A door for opportunity, a window for individuality.
A life renewed, changed, and molded into 
Whatever you want. Free from parental 
Authoritarianism. Free from conformist-dependent
Situations. Free from the daily monotony
Of middle school. Longer blocks yet more worthwhile. 
Information that is acquired is actually useful,
Not distantly related to your life.
Teachers become mentors,
Subfriends increasing your computational capacity.
High school brings forth difficult questions,
Questions that you answer on a daily basis.
Reciprocal determinism allows you to 
Innovate; changing circumstances
Bring forth new answers to past questions. 
Most importantly, You discover that 
perseverance is the mechanism
That yields the most fruitful results...

5:00 PM. 11th grade year.
At first glance, things seem unchanging. 
Constancies in nature are evident.
The sky remains serene, 
Cloudless, with a bright and beautiful sun.
The trees move in the slight breeze,
Leaves intact, grappling onto their rough branches.
The fields remain green,
Flowers sprouting in spontaneous regeneration. 
The ocean remains constant,
Blue, awe-inspiring, and an interconnected construction.
The rivers remain flowing,
Barges resonate a sound of business,
Yet the ducks resonate a sound of serenity.
The mountains remain far-reaching,
Reputable in their size, tectonic plates converging.
The valleys remain sunken into the Earth,
Deprived of life, lonely, living with little recognition.
So we ask, why is anything expected,
Why can't everything remain the way it already is?
The constant exclamation becomes
A widespread plead: "Why won't this moment last forever?."
Time continues...


6:00 PM. Sunset. 12th grade.
The sun begins to fade into the distance. Graduation.
Preponderant valedictions.
Valedictions to friends, to family,
To teachers, to lovers,
Even to our partners in faith.
Sentimentality overwhelms the majority.
Speakers reflect on their physical, social,
And educational development.
To part ways after so long a bond,
A relationship, a bridge.
To cut the cord just when some cords
Were strengthening into chains of steel.
To extinguish the candle light right
When the candle just started to burn.
To cover the hole with dirt,
Just before we reached the depth desired.
All in all, we come short of our expectations. 
We wish more time was available. 
Finally, the climax is reached with 
One simple question: 
How do we live in the world 
Replete with expectation?...

7:00 PM. Few ultraviolet rays on the spectrum 
Penetrate through the atmosphere.
Anew, anew! Again, again!
Four more years of intellectual development.
Four more years of social development.
Four more years of introspective development.
You declare a major,
Then pursue that major.
The same questions are asked.
The same conclusions drawn.
It is just a different context for
Something you have already been through.
Independence is finally achieved.
Away from family, away from old friends,
Away from your past life.
A new persona can be portrayed,
An interpretation of an old modification of the self.
Age 18, freshman - the context is discovered
Age 19, sophomore - adaptation to that context
Age 20, junior - graduate ambitions pursued
Age 21, senior - regradaution; long ceremony
Time escapes realization.
You are there, but you are not
Conscious of the duration.
It is a time gap, quick to start,
Quicker to fade away. 
Humor becomes seriousness.
Extroversion becomes introversion.
Creativity becomes replicated monotony.
Collaboration becomes essential for 
Success. More difficult questions
are provoked: Perseverance is still
The only answer for those questions.
Professors become your new mother,
Your new father, and your new teachers.
Students become your new brothers,
Your new sisters, and your new cousins.
You individualize your experience.
Football games and basketball games
Are the main attractions. Yet swimming,
Partying, and beach volleyball complement the
Experience. The choice is yours: live up to society's 
Expectations or do not live up to society's 
Expectations. The implications of 
Your actions become more severe.
They direct the life in a more crucial way,
A way that defines the rest of the life...

10:00 PM. Moonlight covers the sky.
The stars twinkle, and you are part of the working class.
The skills you learned in college are now
Applied to the workplace.
Years go by like the days of childhood.
Change is nonexistent.
Circumstances and jobs may change,
But work is constant.
The search for money,
The search for love,
The search for worldly success.
Self-actualization becomes
A constant yearning.
The need to live up to your
Potential becomes evident.
The opportunities slip away
To improve your worldly condition.
Life paths are set:
Change is subtle...

11:59 PM. Final hours.
Seasonality shifts. Autumn.
The temperature begins to drop.
You begin to introspect the previous 23.9 hours.
The beginning of your wisest minute
Is now at the tip of your fingertips.
People come to you for advice.
They ask you for guidance.
They come to you with questions.
You know the answers,
But hold back, knowing that 
The next generation must solve their
Own problems as you had solved them yourself.
Postconventional morality dominates. 
You realize that with a beginning comes an end.
The last breaths...

12:00 AM
An end to life, an end to our very existence on Earth.
Yet, paradoxically, a beginning.
A beginning for the recollection of your life.
A story told by others.
How did you influence them?
What were your priorities?
Did you choose significance or success?
The problem with humanity is that it tends to
Leave a legacy replete with vain glory. 
Philanthropy, great statues, the big graves.
Glory lies not in material,
But in the views of the Silent
Observers of your life.




































Thanksgiving9
Have we ever really given thanks where it is due?
It a steadfast sentiment held by an elite few.
They seek the goodness, the positive things in life,
And suppress negativity, the foundation for strife.

"Time is limited," the vast majority use as an excuse,
As if the very notion of thanksgiving was refuse. 
"Business can wait," responds the elite few,
A concept that is difficult for many to construe.

Momentary satisfaction is the mainstream mistake,
Trying to accrue something that is arduous to generate. 
Using artificial means to create something natural,
It is much better to receive something that is actual.

Searching for something, still seeking pleasure,
A quality or attribute that is difficult to measure.
The few are the ones who can tell you firsthand,
They have little in life that they have to demand.

The few search for the source of a gift,
An effort put forth that often causes them to drift
From not only the daily tasks of human existence,
But also the very responsibilities of self-subsistence. 

The search ends with much self-fulfillment,
Finally equilibrium has been reached in assent. 
The giver has been bestowed justice for his munificence,
The scale has finally tipped and has become balanced.

When thanks is given for what is already there,
People experience happiness - hence making things fair. 
When the scale is unbalanced, partial, and not free
It generates a widespread disparity. 














Transitional Vibrations10
Shaking off the sounds of the past,
Wondering how much time will last.
Pondering the implications of change,
Predicting the scope of the futile range.
Penetrating the mind with utter precision,
Waiting impatiently to make just one excision.
Reflecting on your choice of occupation,
Retrofitting your life with an inner invocation.
Deeming things necessary for working progress, 
Shifting foolish mannerisms to alleviate distress.
Adapting to the new educational milieu,
Thinking that the minutes are just too few.

With a pulsating heart, time moves on,
Vibrating in an infallible consistency that remains strong.
One, two, three, four beats you hear in perfect synchronization -
One side pulmonary, the other side coronary,
Veins pump blood in, arteries pump blood out -
An interconnected process that works in continual filtration.

How much is time is left until you leave?
11 days, 3 hours, 8 minutes, 24 seconds.
Time vibrates as gravity pulls down,
A latent force that can only confound.
The exactitude of the answer ensures actuality,
Yet all you wish to do is to change your mentality.
Friends separated, the change is so clear,
So lucid that the very thought instills fear.
More people, bigger classes, the apex of life,
Yet, paradoxically, the smaller decisions cause strife. 
Minds can only grow from the voluminous opportunities,
Yet all things are focused on the changing communities.
Recessionary pressures seem so overwhelming,
So hot, so tangible that your fingers are almost melting.
Parental financial discord provokes internal tension:
Is it worth all the trouble to demand all the attention?

With an operational ear, time moves on,
Vibrating waves at different pitches enter the cochlea.
The pitch is constantly variable -
Sometimes high, other times low,
Sometimes loud, other times soft,
Sometimes distracting, other times useful -
However, you cannot control the pitch,
You only can detect it.

The context shifts, but so too does your focus,
Identifying the relative linguistic significance of your locus.
Professors are your mentors, your new subfriends,
It is time for you to make some amends.
What life was like before is now obsolete, 
The context provides you with a new feat. 
Steadfast determination will get you far,
Yet every action remains a scar.
With a youthful medley of hopes and desires,
You challenge yourself with sundry inner fires.
Optimism prevails over the changing conditions,
Believing in His will and His various missions.

Though the transitional vibrations are powerful, vivacious, and free,
You seek to quell the change to a tolerable degree.
The adoption of contexts new and emerging,
Will become infused in your mind, an inner converging. 
The recollection of contexts past and preceding,
Will become defused from your immediate mind, an inner diverging.
Though not forgotten, the memories remain,
Seemingly there, a hymn of refrain. 
Neural plasticity allows for nascent formation, 
A necessary action for you to complete the transformation.
What is lost? What is the meaning of all these tears?
Nothing is lost, but bonds are weakened to an extent unknown for a few years.
A separable barrier of distance disallows direct communication, 
Yet allows for alternative modes of indirect interaction. 
So the words of the noble Donne stand in robust resilience:
"A Valediction, Forbidding Mourning" is the only immediate brilliance.
























                                          What Once Has Now Become and Will Never Be Again11

A moment in time, through introspection
Causes deeper and deeper inner reflection.
We once had affection, an effortless bond
Formed early in meeting - early and fond.

Yesterday we were eager, anticipation drew near,
Now we are slaves who constantly sit in fear.
Seeing time pass causes me to think
Mistake after mistake, in fading black ink.

Yesterday I was unaware what would happen, I sat in concern,
Classroom and out, I attempted to uselessly learn.
Now I know youthful recalcitrance caused you to separate from me,
Such ignorance on my part while I thought you were filled with glee.

I dismissed your thoughts and emotions,
Made you feel like you weren't there,
Nothing mattered to me but my very own stare.
Injustice on my part, an expressionless person,
Mistake number one, a major recursion. 

Each time I denied you the opportunity to speak,
You silently pondered, 
never trying to fix what we had
Until it was too late.
Each time I sat there in such expressionless thought,
You felt there but not there, 
As if the bond did not exist at all.

To me it was strong, true and shining bright,
It was something I tried never to fight.
To you it was fading in the sunlight,
Too late to form, too late to regain sight.

Once memories seemed abundant, new and clear, 
Now they are things that just turn me to tears.
What once was can never be again,
Or is that one major assumption?
Three thoughts for one thought causes utter confusion,
Always wishing things to be different.
Life's music is never always harmonic.
It has high notes and low notes
And some in between.
But this feels like no notes exist at all.
I am in a timeless space that cannot change.
We are stuck on one note 
And cannot shift to the next.
If I do, I feel like nothing, leaving everything behind,
I once felt and still feel, a divided mind.

Once we were near, trustful and true.
Now I sit with cynical outlooks toward you.
We are separated, but so close inside,
Trying to reveal what we once had to hide.

Once we were there, together we stood.
Transparency existed, two spheres combined.
Trust dominated our thoughts
Both wishing to find such clearness of mind -
Good memories erased, new thoughts born,
All that remains is a great winter storm.

I sit here in fear trying to detain
My thoughts, my actions, my very existence - 
All an attempt for me to try to distance
One half from another, two spheres apart.
I just cannot bear to see us depart.

I cannot see anything but what was last done,
A human disparity and tendency I despise,
Transparency turns opaque.
What once was clearness, has turned into blindness,
I will always remember your smooth, gentle kindness.

The future holds many things for both of us.
Where will we be? How will we develop?
When will we find what we want?
What do we want?
I am curious to find out.
Right now, I cannot leave my state of mind,
Only one thing can change,
And that is for me to find.
I wish you were still there, energetic and free,
Fixing that missing part of me.
Every time I look at your face,
It will generate the same thought.
I cannot reverse that to you.
You were never expendable but dear to me,
From you, I now know it cannot be.














Witness12
We look around – 
The spontaneous glances that we reveal
To others, to objects, to the Voice Inside.
We see and understand that life is based on visions,
Some as brief as the leaves falling from the trees,
Others as long as the setting sun.
The enduring summer keeps our thoughts clear.
We are witnesses to life’s injustices. 
Though others advance, we sit back 
And settle for less than we deserve.
Why do we not act and advance ourselves?
We learn from the blind ambitions of others;
The fatal vision plagues their success.
Our time will come, but we will remain
Acting sensibly. Let others fail to see as we do;
Their foolishness will cost them in the End.
They are slaves to human impulses,
We are liberated from human impulses.
They are short-term self-actualizers,
We are long-term self-actualizers. 
We live with the knowledge of Hope,
And endure the subtle latencies in life.
Will this hope fade or remain as a burning fire?
That is a question that we will never be able to answer. 






























The Rose of Youthful Beauty13


The rose of youthful beauty - 
Your petals are so soft and tender,
So eloquently revealing your splendor.

You soon grow up and sprout from the ground,
Rising without even the slightest sound.
You look nostalgically at your proud history,
Your inner character, however, remains a mystery. 














































Part II: Early College Poetry


Context: My poetry now becomes more philosophical. I begin asking questions that I may have been too afraid to ask before. My poetry begins to accentuate the tension between technological progress and religious-emotional expression. Fundamentally, I ask myself what it means to be a human being in a technologically-centered world. I try my best to form a very rough framework to answer this question: “Of what significance is human existence if technological existence is becoming more valued than human existence?” I begin to think of human and technology blending to alleviate tension, which ultimately results in me writing multiple philosophical essays around the nature of consciousness and integrating technology into consciousness. I become disillusioned in school because I begin to find that it is self-limiting. I feel like am becoming indoctrinated with certain beliefs which I do not necessarily believe to be true, or being forced to learn things in a particularly inefficient way. My belief in Christianity now becomes very peripheral, yet I still attend mass schedules with my family. At the end of this phase of my poetry writing I begin to not hold anything back. I lose my sense of religious moral proxy and I state what is on my mind without thinking of its consequences, which enables me to adapt a more Nietzeschian prose poetry style. My newly created philosophy – Secular Humanist Utilitarianism – evolves from a very conceptual framework to one more theoretical and stable.  In the end, I find that poetry becomes my primary emotional outlet to express my newly formed philosophy. 










Finite Heights14
From the ground arises a ladder,
A windowless plane,
Advancing step-by-step,
Following the path upward,
Toward the Unknown.
You wish for the piecewise units to 
Leap higher and higher,
Increase in frequency,
Become optimized in this Chaos.
Transient and unseen, it reaches.
Following the path, multidirectional –
A keypad waiting to be guided.
Distorted, yet clearly manifested.
How long will this continue?
A relentless desire, 
Vibrating like a tumultuous Earthquake.
A force forever penetrating,
Within you the fluidity arises.
Where is the pinnacle?
The sky is the limit,
Or Babel They should say,
But is it?




























Latent Synergy15
A supercharged influx is bound to exist
Inside your mind. The form is so latent 
Yet obtrusive: the unconscious reveals it
Through your dreams in the night, 
And hides from the conscious in the day.
Your mind directs your internal facilities 
-both voluntary and involuntary - 
Deploying commands with optimal proficiency.
With a detailed interconnected zeal,
It curtails nonchalance, while amplifying meticulousness.
It is the hegemonic effector of perception.
You sit down relying on this irreducibly complex machine
To work, to do its duties, to perform infallibly in
An imperfect body. Deterioration is inevitable, 
Nothing is indefinite, but you rely on such
Facilities to work for the time being because
They are the best short-term instruments in your possession.
Invariably, improvements can be made through science;
However, the embarkation of such a bold task
Can only be successful through incremental improvements,
Not through exponential leaps of experimental postulation.
Your internal framework works and has a purpose, 
So pragmatism conquers such hopeful ventures to
Improve your existing facilities. 

Perception seems initially to be a 
Simplistic system with integrated parts, but upon further examination
It contains many microcosmic networks of increasing complexity.
Together, the external senses are inextricably intertwined 
With the internal systems with which they interact. 
Macroscopically, seeing is achieved through 
optic neural communication with
The occipital lobe. Touching is achieved through 
Epidermal synchrony with the parietal lobe. 
Tasting and smelling are achieved though the interconnectedness
Of the temporal lobe with the olfactory bulb. 
Audition is achieved with the harmonization of the cochlea with
The temporal lobe. 

The Irreducibly Complex Machine also has
Microcosmic "pumps, pistons, and gears" that are mappable
With definitive functions, making sure perception is optimal:
The hippocampus is the venue for memory modification,
While the amygdala, through spindle cells, appraises the external situation
To determine which emotions to manufacture.
The temporal lobe allows for you to form complex thoughts,
While the hypothalamus involuntarily controls your appetite. 
The parietal lobe integrates sensory information from the senses,
While the occipital lobe processes all visual input from the eyes.
The thalamus routes all the information to the proper places,
While neurons allow for cell-to-cell communication through depolarization.
Neurons are even classified in subcategories:
Afferent neurons transfer information from sensory organs to the spinal cord.
Efferent neurons send information from the spinal cord to muscle cells. 
Interneurons are the intermediary between the brain and spinal cord.
Neural anatomy even breaks down into more specialized components:
The soma, or the cell body, is the centralized portion of the neuron, 
While the dendrites are the microcellular branches that detect neurotransmitters.
The axon is located at the end of the neuron, sending 
Neurotransmitters away from its point of detection. 
Upon further inspection of each individual neurons, 
You see the sodium-potassium pump working perfectly,
Triggering action potentials with incredible efficiency.
Inside the soma you see the cellular components in synchrony:
The nucleus manufactures the genetic information of the neuron,
It is the locus for mRNA synthesis (intron removal and exon connectivity)
And for translation of that mRNA into the cytoplasm-
Allowing for protein synthesis and gene expression.
The rough endoplasmic reticulum is replete with ribosomes
Synthesized by the nucleolus. The smooth endoplasmic 
Reticulum is the cellular venue for drug detoxification,
Allowing for adaptation to environments that are unfavorable.
Peroxisomes are small organelles that break down fatty acids through 
Beta oxidation, whereas mitochondria participate in the production
of Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP), the energy chemical of each neuron,
Through glycolysis, oxidative phosphorylation, and the citric acid cycle.
The last major map-piece is the Golgi apparatus, which generates 
Vesicles to transfer substances into (endocytosis) and out of (exocytosis)
Each individual neuron. Neural specificity increases daily
As the pool of scientific knowledge expands. There are over 
One-hundred trillion synapses and one-hundred billion neurons 
In the human body. Such a complex system must have been 
derived by the Almighty Because neural subprocesses and components are 
so diverse yet perfectly "wired."

The equilibrator of thoughts - both complex and ordinary -
Seems to work to balance the latent with the obvious. 
The scale balances the retroactive with the proactive
Through a latent synergy: the present and the past seem
To coalesce into a coherent consistency.
Through this process of internal assimilation,
The mind creates subthoughts and weaves them into
A foreign lexicon, words that can only be read and 
Processed by the creating-instrument itself. As the new lexicon 
Becomes ubiquitous and obsolete, a new lexicon
Must be formed through the modification of the previous.
The lexicon becomes a template for thought formation:
You quickly develop and embrace in a personalized conscience.
The influx becomes evident when the lexicon generates 
Too many contradictory words, so that the words that were once
Clear become blurry and indecipherable. The new words that go against the 
Very conscience that you have attempted to sustain. Free will 
Allows you to choose to embrace such incongruous words for expediency, 
Or to arduously reject the words to adhere to your conscience.
In times of internal cacophony, you can prevail.

Secretly wandering off into the distance, you ask yourself a question:
What will or can evolution produce next?












































Shadow Runner16
Soft and unexpected, the race begins.
It's a race run on foreign terrain,
Yet you are drawn to its very Essence.
The road is opened -
Emitting an altruistic invitation for Union.
Mysteriously latent, but clearly manifest
It presents itself.
With a child-like inquisitiveness
You want to begin the journey,
Free and expectant for discovery.

A door, an opportunity, a mystery.

You twist the handle and pull on the door,
With a meticulous fortitude. 
The door leads into a panoramic path,
A wilderness of grandeur,
An inexplicable quality of beauty.
A congenial temperature interacting
With the sensory receptors of the skin.
A mellifluous echo from the woods -
An aural complement composed of many sounds,
Animal and natural, slow and articulate. 
The path is illuminated brightly -
Safe and secure, you follow.
Infrequent quells surmise Pleasure. 

Footsteps ahead, you must follow.
"Who is there?" you ask in quiet perturbation.
Your pace becomes quicker,
Your anxiousness greater.
You begin the far-reaching journey into the Unknown.
Unable to confirm the postulate,
You continue on, hearing the 
Faint footsteps fade away in the distance.
Obstinate and unyielding,
You fail to recognize those footsteps of your own.
Your shadow taunts you in your perturbed company,
Mimicking your swift and acute movements -
Behind and unseen It follows.

The hills become steeper, 
The scenery granular and more compartmentalized.
What was once an illuminated path becomes
A fragmented ambiance of Darkness.
In the bright sunlight, you see darkness -
The optical interface becomes a gradient.
The shades turn to a light pastel gray -
Sharply evolving into a darker intensity.
You hesitantly continue into the darkness,
The light continues to wane,
And eventually the trees enclose you.
The shadow of the trees becomes omnipresent,
A total and utter Darkness, a prison.
A photon-impenetrable barrier -
Can a human navigate through this Cage?
The natural harmony turns to natural acrimony -
What was once a Grand Paradise is a 
Mountain - steep, resentful, and difficult to climb.
The temperature becomes a cantankerous force,
With a cold breeze of air attacking your tactile sensors.
The pleasant sounds reverberate repulsive aural discord.
With one sense of no use, you wish for the others 
To leave as well to battle the environmental stimuli.
The contemplation endures in complete seclusion and loneliness,
With a pace slowing, exhausted and fearful. 
You Fall, get up, and persist on -
Determined to find a light at the end of the tunnel.
Where's the antidote for this situation?
No flashlight available, if only this were in the Modern World.
Foolish expedients can't cure this developing problem.
On and on you tread, finally seeing a tint of light.
Using your hands as a machete, you cut through the dark and verdant
Forest, the rocky and barren Mountain.
The Summit has been reached, the Absolute Darkness achieved.
Now there is hope, a cure, a way out. 

You travel from one end of the forest to the other,
Your pace becomes slower,
Your surroundings gradually brighter. 
You begin to regain some of the equanimity as before -
Reversed - You begin the journey downhill.
The shadow again becomes visible -
More and more definitive as the altitude decreases.
The surroundings become more pleasant -
Gradually overpowering the stark ugliness.
Finally you get to the bottom of the mountain - 
The valley, the place where you began -
The start, the door.

You reach out and try to open the door, but it is locked.
A world traversed, unreal and symmetrical.
If it were symmetrical, why would the door be locked?
An ability to enter, but unable to escape.
A peripheral wormhole in timeless space,
Decipherable only by the imprints left on memory.
In chaotic frustration, you call out -
Help me, where is the Key?
One thing is missing -
The footsteps in the distance.
A seemingly faint voice becomes clearer and clearer,
Footsteps become more distinct from behind.
A shadow emerges - a bodiless figure.
In mid-air a key is placed into your hand,
And you listen to what sounds like incoherent Tongues,
But slowly it becomes an understandable lexicon,
"Tangle me 'tween Fish and Sea,
I'm part of all of the Tree.
Under you I sit, always in servitude -
I am the Shadows, the darkness, the night,
The place where you cannot use sight.
You came to the world, seeking Pleasure -
One of the things that I can measure.
But unaware of me you continued on,
Thinking you were the only one singing the song.
I tried to call you, you didn't listen,
You only expected the world to glisten. 
So now I surrounded you completely,
And saw how you were frightened severely.
But now your here, with the key in your hand,
Learn from the World on which you now stand."

The shadow disappeared, and you put the key
Into the lock. It opened, and you returned into 
The room from which you entered.


























The Natural Temple17
The Earth, 
A planet within a solar system.
A solar system within a Universe.
A structure composed of nonliving and living parts;
A natural and unnatural domain.


The Natural Subset of Earth. 
A sky, faded white-blue hybrid in the distance with
A distinct spatially specific dark blue gradient above. 
From the sky emerges a sunrise, 
Encompassing a brightly luminous sun
With a precise orange-yellow color tonality. 
A multilayered atmosphere absorbs the sun’s light rays, 
With a maximal efficacy in the morning and evening. 
Clouds also surface in the sky
An altitudinal contingency - cumulonimbus, stratus, cirrus –
Usually cumulus - puffy white and blue, 
Arranged in a pattern of compounded spontaneity,
Guided by an asymmetrical jet stream.  
At night, the moon emerges in the sky –
A beautiful, whitely illuminated cratered sphere,
Exhibiting a quiet dominance over the distant stars in the dark abyss.
A fluid and phase-shifting spectacle,
With a gravitational affinity towards the Earth.  


The Earth exhibits a pervasive ocean.
Depths variant – deep, intermediate, shallow.
The beauty of the ocean is evident from the 
The sandy beach interwoven with assorted minerals:
In the distance, an alternating pattern of wind-based
White ripples brush the surface.
Towards the beach, the waves abruptly manifest themselves
From an underwater latency. 
The process is continual –
The waves relentlessly reemerge in a reformative constancy.
Diversity even exists in this seemingly indecipherable iteration.
The ocean is the solid foundation from which the waves exist;
The waves are the fluid foundation from which the infinite remolded patterns can exist. 


Alongside the ocean, Landscapes form the comprehensive body of land on Earth. 
Once a unified Pangaea, now scattered masses of continents. 
Minerals, rocks, mountains, valleys, form an awe-inspiring personality.  
Topographical varieties form infinitely complex scenery;
Tectonic plates converge to form mountains and volcanoes.
A thermodynamic scale of Nature -
Icy landscapes and polar regions – 
From Antarctica to Canada and Alaska. 
Mountainous landscapes and high-altitude regions –
Mount Everest, the coldest part of Earth,
Alongside Volcanoes, from which emerges Nature’s warmest partition. 
Tectonic plates separate to form canyons,
Beautiful cross-sections of multilayered rock 
Between the mountainous landscapes.
Desert Landscapes – vast arid regions where
Rain and precipitation are minimized. 
Costal Landscapes – The point at which
The water and landmass overlap,
Forming a combination of intricate elements.
Altogether, the landmasses combined have 
An awe-inspiring variegated complexion: 
Beautiful and enlightening;
Unattached yet overlapping,
Intricate yet simple, 
Formidable yet tractable,
Habitable yet inhabitable,
Desolate yet surrounded, 
Free yet surrounded,

Stagnant yet mobile. 


The Unnatural Subset of Earth: Life.  
The organization of matter;
The taxonomic system for life:
Unicellular, microscopic, prokaryotic –
Protists, Bacteria, Fungi, Plants.
Multicellular, eukaryotic –
Kingdom’s Platae and Animalia. 
Life now is dominated by plants and animals,
Cellular respiration (carbon dioxide) and Photosynthesis (oxygen),
Guided energy conversion and transfer.
Life is a constant Darwinian Competition.
Survival of the Fittest, Natural Selection, Competitive Inhibition.


We have developed and evolved into the 
Most advanced multicellular system on our Earth,
Mainly through our sensory facilities -
We can taste the flavor of a sweet and sour apple,
We can feel the texture of a rigid and smooth bamboo stick,
We can smell the definitive scent of a rose,
We can hear the walking of a deer on leaves in a forest,
We can see the rising and falling of the sun.


Our sensory facilities are adapted for and inextricably combined to Nature. 
We live for these moments; 
The moments 
When Nature invites Herself to be explored.
The beautiful moments in life where Nature expresses herself
To us in ways words cannot describe.
Perception – taste, olfaction, touch, hearing, vision –
An ephemeral and transcendental burst of discovery:
Clarity in confusion;
Order in chaos; 
Diversity in the uniform pool of sameness;
Simplicity in incredible complexity;
Unity in disparate parts of functionality;
Reformation and plasticity in repetitive processes.


A Comparison of Earth’s Subsets.
We are fluid; 
Nature is constant. 
We are modifiable constructs with finite life spans; 
Nature is self-regulatory and infinitely renewable.  
We are limited and dependent; 
Nature is unlimited and independent.
Why can’t we mimic nature perfectly?


Dependencies and Interrelations of Earth’s Subsets. 
Nature is our temple from which we can build our foundations.
Nature provides food and water for replenishment.
Nature provides wood and metallic compounds for us to make bridges and boats;
Nature provides rocks and minerals for us to build houses and buildings;
Nature provides aesthetic beauty for us to admire and creatively imitate;
Nature provides incredible complexity for us to explore in science;
Nature provides embedded mystery for us to explore in metaphysics; 
Nature provides a framework permeable to us:
Atmospheric components - carbon dioxide and oxygen,
Landscapes and oceanic facets,
Diurnal specificity – time in days (sunrise to sunset).
We are wholly dependent upon the Earth,
The Earth is wholly independent from us. 
We consume; Nature generates. 


It is time to Change;
Let us start a Revolution,
Redefine Nature in terms of the Present,
And Keep exploring the Wonders and Truths of Nature. 




















Unity18
A circle. Leminscate. Infinite Meaningfulness.
A symbol for unity.
For everything in Nature seems to be one form or another,
With countless intermediaries in between.
Words can only describe the absolutes:
"An inevitable dualism bisects Nature,"
so says the Wise Philosopher.

A binary model proposed:
East and West,
North and South,
Lightness and Darkness,
Inhalation and Exhalation,
Pumping in and pumping out, 
Sunrise and Sunset,
Sleep and Wakefulness,
Life and Death,
Heat and Coldness,
High Pressure and Low Pressure,
Energy Production and Depletion,
Anode and Cathode,
Current and Resistance,
Polarity and Nonpolarity,
Electrophile and Nucleophile.

What about the intermediaries?
Counterexamples expressed:
Closer east than west or closer west than east or in equilibrium?
Closer north than south or closer south than north or in equilibrium?
A gradient of different intensities - lighter or darker?
Stage of inhalation, stage of exhalation, or a coexistence of both concurrently?
A pump leaking in as it pumps outward, dualistic function?
How about when the sun is at mid-day, noon - 12 o'clock?
Is one awake when he is in an early phase of sleep, conscious but drifting away?
Life, a form complex and transient; what exists between life and death? 
What about something neutral in temperature, 25 degrees Celsius adopted room temperature?
How about pressurized systems of neutral pressure, 1 atm adopted Earth pressure?
Does a system at rest, isolated in space, without any external forces have no energy transfer?
If some degree of covalency is added to anode or electrode, how much ionic character is eliminated?
What about some resistance and some current, with a net current going forward?
What about a spherical atom in space, with an electron density gradient in between the partial positive and partial negative atom?
The behavior of an inert substance, with neither electrophilic or nucleophilic properties. 


"The same dualism underlies the nature and condition of man,"
Adds the Wise Philosopher.

A human-related binary model:
Panic and Relaxation,
Partiality and Impartiality,
Riches and Impoverishment,
Introversion and Extroversion,
Love and Hatred,
Determination and Weakness,
Pleasure and Pain,
Loyalty and Betrayal,
Knowledge and Ignorance, 
Judiciousness and Imprudence, 
Happiness and Sadness,
and many more exist.

So how do we address these limitations?
Is it a trade-off or compromise?
For with one quality gained, another is lost.
Choose wisely,
For your character is formed from latent conviction.
The latent conviction is that which is the intermediate form,
A cross-pollination of all your qualities together.
That absolute you decide to choose impacts the opposite absolute,
The scale tips in the direction of the absolute chosen,
And therefore lessens the impact of the opposite absolute.
What at first seems so trivial and simple is a complex pathway,
Involving the interplay of so many different gradients of qualities -
All of which are related and cultivate an interwoven Unity.




























Natural Simplicity vs. Theoretical Complexity19
There was a day when all seemed still,
A sudden an unconceivable static penetrating 
Through the whole expanse of Earth.  
A posteriori experience coincided with Reality,
And observable experience was all that relayed Truth. 
The laws of Nature were palpable but unstructured,
Learned through multiplexed and plastic interaction;
Thematic motifs approximated through human experience.


Now those motifs have become structured, routinized,
and inveterate in Science. Has this diminished creativity and freedom?


For once we were able to see the precisely placed trees,
The swift and controlled movements of squirrels,
The colorful qualities of the leaves,
The infinite attribute of the sky, 
And the miniature nature of insects;
For these things were perceived with subtle 
Clarity which coincided with personal experience. 
Plasticity evolved when it needed to;
Things came and were not imposed upon Us. 


Now, the precisely placed trees embed themselves in 
Photosynthetic complexity, structured micronutrient transport,
And a determined anatomy. 
The movements of a squirrel have been modeled with 
Kinematic precision, and therefore can be predicted with 
Exact lucidity. 
The colorful quality of the leaves have been reduced to an 
Electromagnetic spectrum of colors.
The sky and weather have predictable patterns, 
Following the laws of Thermodynamics and Spontaneity.
The miniature nature of insects has been reduced 
To a subset of units, allowing for standardization and Objectivity.
Therefore, the human organism can communicate and translate 
The nature of objects from a Uniform Reference frame.


Has this shift become deleterious or beneficial for humanity?
We are now able to objectify situations, predict phenomena, 
Manipulate objects, and live in comfort. 
The new technological paradigm is an amorphous substrate
That is in constant Remaking. For our lives hold more complexity,
As well as more potential. However, the seemingly innocuous
Modus of progress has lead to widespread conformity 
And latent destruction.


Is not the human mind made for perception? 
Of what use is it to restructure the nature of colors,
Explain things on the quantum scale if we cannot 
Explain these things through the language of Perception?
They allow for prediction and progress – 
Einstein’s theory of relativity provoked the need to
Rethink the nature of time itself – 
But should we really be worrying about the
Nature of time if time is constant and uniform
Within our own system, the means which we base
All other forms of knowledge, 
Whether empirical or a priori?
On Earth, where humans consult with Nature
Through perception, are not these theoretical 
Concepts useless on a personally subjective basis?


In the University, you see a fearful dichotomy 
Of perceptive inclinations and Theory.
It becomes so palpable that it becomes an unconscious force. 
New is constantly replacing the Old;
There is always an urban complexity
Which is embedded within natural simplicity – 
“simplicity” and “complexity” dominate your 
Mind in a chaotic trajectory of contradiction. 


 Universities inculcate the natural laws of nature 
Within the minds of students.
Nature operates via a precise order that can be 
Modeled and predicted.
A counterintuitive approach – 
You learn things via a priori knowledge and trust
Instead of a hands-on strategy. 
You do not walk down the street and “experience”
The laws of quantum mechanics, 
But you can feel temperature fluctuations. 


Our society is built upon this Framework 
Because it anticipates that we will eventually “transcend”
Our perceptive limitations. 
Until this time,
We will not operate as a unified and carefully
Regulated circuit that can perfectly embed
Empirical and theoretical Truth.
For if our minds were accelerated calculators,
We would not have this contradiction. 
We are just err-prone machines capable 
of indirect and imprecise approximations,
which inevitably lead to evolutionary survival 
of the Human Organism. 








Diverging Mirrors20


Perceptive mirrors. 
Where Subjectivity meets 
Distorted Subjectivity. 
Which side is subjective reality?


A visual mirror,
A reflection,
3D to 2D -
An apparent 
Counter representation.
For a tree’s reflected image in
The water is but a 2D image, nothing else.
No texture or photosynthetic capacity,
Just a mirror image, an imperfect clone. 
One side of practical value,
The other of aesthetic value. 
Subjective Reality exists in the practical. 


An aural mirror,
An echo, 
Low pitch and high pitch,
For a musical note being echoed in the distance
Follows the Doppler Effect;
The pitch changes infinitely based upon relative location. 
The human ear perceives the change
By inaccurately portraying the true “pitch.” 
Reality exists only when the note is right in front of you,
Not when it fades off into the distance. 


A vestibular mirror,
The sense of balance,
When you spin in a circle,
The sense of balance is disrupted,
And your body adapts accordingly.
When you stop, you no longer can perceive 
Balance until the equilibrium is reestablished.
Reality only exists when balance is reestablished.


The list goes on…


What about mirrors with perfect clones?
A latent mirror. 
Inversion of configuration –
Right to Left,
Black to White,
Rough to Smooth,
Internalization to Externalization,
Cold and warm,
Crossing a point 
Where Objectivity meets Objectivity.
Which side is objective reality?


This answer cannot be one-sided,
But a combination and integration of both sides.
For if a person moves from left to right,
An infinitely small angle transition must take place.
For if a spectrum of color shifts from black to white,
Innumerable colors must escape to make the transition.
For if you go from rough to smooth,
You must imagine the feeling of the surfaces 
In between rough and smooth.
For every internalization has a corollary externalization,
But the two meet together to form coherency. 
For temperature can vary infinitely,
In between endothermic and exothermic. 


It seems as if Nature’s order prefers
A compromise in symmetry –
An infinite state of dynamic equilibrium. 
For there is one thing we must never forget:
There is meaning in the latent mirror.


The human mind can only comprehend the
Inaccurate perceptive mirror. For a reflection
Indicates a subjective duality of pragmatic value 
And aesthetic value. The two sides seemingly exist,
But are contradictory. Only one subjective reality exists. 


The latent mirror follows the Laws of Nature. 
For if one thing exists, another is there to counteract it.
The mirror yields two outputs of equal weight,
Both of completely objective value.
We need to consistently seek out these latent mirrors
And embed them in mathematics.


One thing is certain:
There is a compromised equilibrium
Between the perceptive mirror and the latent mirror.  
 For we can only see through the perceptive mirror,
But our society forces us to see through the latent mirror.
Until the line is blurred between the two mirrors,
We will remain in a state of contention. 










Hypothesis-Testing21
A + B = C
The nature of mathematical logic comes to a defined solution.
The theme of causation is explained by physical laws.
This content is within the realm of our control –
We are able to specifically and sensitively
 manipulate and reform Nature according to Our Will.
The answer we seek lies in the motifs in observable phenomena:
Natural laws dictate carefully pattern-calibrated phenomena 
allowing us to ascertain Objective Truth.
Using the stepwise objective knowledge as a ladder to build upon,
new layers can be embedded within the framework to increase control.
The pattern-oriented structure dominates the logical mind.


A + B = INFINITY
The illimitable nature of emotion leads to an undefined solution. 
The perceptive mirror leads to a discontinuity in the pool of volitional objective truths.
It is but a deformed substrate focused on evolutional survival and appraisal:
One stimulus can yield a medley of outputs, 
Leading to ad hoc translational diversity,
Stirring up discontent within the realm of humanity.
The maelstrom of chaotic variability dominates the emotionally-susceptible mind. 


For if we all agreed on a limitable nature of emotion, 
We would have no partisan discontent.
No emotion would exist– 
No fear, disgust, anger, happiness, sadness, etc.
It would be but a utopian paradise of Absolute Conformity and Uniformity.


Trust yourself.
Contradictions do not exist;
We only perceive contradiction when the one perceptive output –
The one output we are accustomed to accepting in a certain way and mode –
Changes within the Infinite Spectrum of Subjectivity.
The pool of six perceptive mirrors exist –
Tactile, Occipital, Aural, Vestibular, Gustatory, Olfactory -
But an infinite gradient of interpretation and combination exists,
Limiting the possibility for complete truth assimilation.


Opinions arise from the addition of mathematical and
Subjective knowledge;
The likelihood for something to exist is formulated from hypotheses.
Let that hypothesis be testable.
So says a Wise Philosopher,
“To know what questions may be reasonably asked is 
already a great and necessary proof of sagacity and insight. 
For if a question is absurd in itself and calls for unnecessary answers, 
it not only brings disgrace to the person raising it, 
but may prompt an incautious listener to give absurd answers." 




Ask the questions that can be answered and that matter.
If you do not search for testability, 
No correlation or Understanding can validate a Belief. 
You are living in a world of wonder;
Do not let that wonder remain a stark basis to remain as wonder.
For if you do not stray away from speculative logic or conformist ignorance,
You will be slave to inconsistency and contradiction. 


















































Expectations22
I once was aware of my Identity,
An entity replete with ambition, determination, and security. 
But now in the road of life I have reached a distal gap,
And look within myself to find a new revitalizing map.


The vain attachments which once gave me Unity,
Now only augment my inner ambiguity. 
For once my child spirit could exhibit imagination, 
Now I have a self-assembled stoic Utilitarian vocation:  
I have lost the ability to hear the voices of others,
To see the complex emotional beauty in friendship, 
To acknowledge the depth of Human beauty.
Only detachment is that which I now possess,
Continually converting my inner mind to distress.
The life of the scientist encompasses an affinity for Objectivity,
A conversion that dismisses the expression of human Subjectivity.
It is the facts – not the opinions of others –
That are the solo features that define our inherent societal architecture. 


Is this the life that I now desire,
The one that fuels my inner fire?
The depth of humanity in me is repressed for collective adaption,
Something that only feels like a fabrication.
I let my heart loose and I feel freedom at last,
But only to see others judge my past.
I am my inner being completely expressed,
But why do I find happiness so hard to possess?


Life once seemed so plastic and new,
Now this feeling only comes in moments too few.
The laws of Nature now make life more comprehensible,
A worldview early on I believed to be reprehensible. 
To follow our impulses is the inchoate culture trend,
Why not be opposite and be in continual amend?
So I began to filtrate these cultural normalcies out of my life,
A change in mechanism that has only brought me short-term strife.


Religion once backed up my inner spirit of rebellion,
The philosophy was built to counteract this vile predilection. 
Religion once seemed to be my inbuilt soul,
Until I figured out I hate things outside the bounds of my control.
The mainstream route seems to me just argumentative speculation,
A raucous cacophony that only slightly retains a foundation.


The Expectations of others have led me astray,
Now I must follow continually the Night in the Day.
Subtle contradictions arise in my head,
Only because of the continual novel associations that I embed. 
Maybe this is the life that I find a restructured imagination,
My inner child heart finally released from the chains of limitation. 
So the road less traveled seems to now come to a halt,
But now I realize this is all my fault.
My unique character has faded away,
And with it all that brought me astray.
So what must be done will be done in the Night,
And I must continually fight in the Right.
And so the gap seems an insurmountable agape, 
Now I must accede to my Fate. 














































Escapism vs. Love23
A chasm of doubt –
Into the abyss I walk.
The fragmented pieces of myself 
Are scattered throughout the chaotic path.
The calibrated chords of my corporeal guitar
Vibrate in cacophonous unity. 
Separated but united,
Not unified but individually connected.


I am but one mosaic of parts –
The parts which make up my anatomy.
Some components are pulmonary while others coronary,
Some individual microcosms of simplicity while others macrocosms of complexity,
Some regulated by chemical signals while others electrical… the list goes on
All are isomorphs of a common theme:
Each element exists materialistically,
but the mysterious essence of “unified transcendence” 
permeates throughout my system as a whole.


I am not an entity. 
I am a multiplexed organism of many entities. 
The notes are not scattered,
But connected and interdependent. 
The interconnectivity of the mosaic of my soul is that which
I do not understand - I fear my soul. 


I am attached to the parts that make me human –
The senses, the emotions, the understanding, and the mind.
However, I do not know how to become attached to my transcendent essence,
my unknown and complete Self.
From this, I seek an escape. 


Maybe it is only the parts which we will ever be able to fully comprehend.
The transcendence of the interconnectivity of the parts is too complex
For me alone to compute.
It is a fear-laden labyrinth of confusion and speculation,
A drowning silence of contradiction and unpredictability.
Should I embrace and love this element of inadequacy?


Love fades away the sorrow of contradiction,
Penetrates the passion-releasing instrument of my heart,
And embraces this unknown maze as a necessary chord in the Song of Life.
Love surpasses the bars of escape,
It unleashes a newfound freedom for my soul’s expression.
Only through love can I ever know my soul,
My essence, my being, my purpose and desires.


For what I love I can conquer,
But what I escape I accept as conceded defeat.
An escapism offers a short-term avoidance of reality -
Now a cultural normalcy of inherent flaw.
Love attacks a problem in the core and restores 
equilibrium to my system,
overcoming the latent power of the unknown forest laid out before me. 


















































Foundational Instability24
I am at the saddle point,
the point where my components are semistable.
One movement from my position leads to constant
oscillation back and forth between the two sides,
an ambiguous and unpreventable distress in 
constant disequilibrium – the fruits of contradiction.


For it seems as if life is an infinite array of semistable
phenomena interconnected by the human soul. 
Look at the variety of emotional expressions:
Fleeting is happiness and joy,
Ephemeral is pain and suffering,
Quickly life brings fear and surprise.
It seems that I respond in emotional variability to the sounds of life – 
subtle motifs that are implanted within the human 
genome for a seemingly maximum unpredictability.


But my frame and mind can adapt and change to patterns. 
Involuntarily I habituate to the monotonous aural, spatial,
and tactile patterns around me to change my natural sensitivity to a stimulus.
How potently can I change my ambitions and drive,
manifesting where my interests and filters lie in any given situation.
How well can I regulate my emotional elicitations,
so that no one situation can phase me too far into disequilibrium. 
How deeply can I hold convictions,
which open up the doors to evoke passions previously disguised.
How adeptly can I learn to connect with my surroundings,
as to have some predictive capacity as to how the world will operate.
It seems as if the “free will” instrument within me 
lessens this semistability through conviction and pattern-recognition systems.
 
Creativity is the manifestation of my semistability –
An infinite flow between the two points, Self and Surroundings. 
I feel like a spontaneous mind connecting different parts in ways
that are both intelligible and non-expressible,
yet humanly still feel the desire to share my views with others.
Language only impoverishes meaning;
It approximates the essence of my expression.
Part of the semistability is rooted in misrepresenting my
Rooted foundation through language. 


For if my rooted foundation cannot be perfectly expressed through language,
How can stability continue to persist?         
I intuitively feel that events are in accord with my personal foundation,
but how can I define the bounds of philosophy to be continuous and inclusive,
Harmonious with all personal experience so that others may understand my position? 


Internal conflict with others would not exist if this were possible.
I would be at the pinnacle of emotional stability.
I would be able to converge on one point with others – an overlapping synchrony –
Thus forever avoiding oscillation between self vs. environment as time approaches infinity.
Contradictions do not exist –
It is the modes that express my inner intuitions which are faulty constructs,
Approximate and intended for communication of generalities and nonspecifics.
Language is just the rooted subjectivity of the human bloodstream, 
the limiting factor for our personal capacity to be a homogeneous culture,
The partisan-inducing instrument used for interpretive tension.


There is only one solution –
to forever remain semistable through continual introspection and self-reliance. 










































Filter25
I seek a filter – 
One that discards of the diversions that diminish my philosophical foci.
One that continually challenges me to be a more versatile and unique person.
One that allows for me to express my emotions without restraint.
One that enables me to selectively concentrate on the simplicities of Nature.
One that permits me to merge well with other human souls.
One that finds plasticity in complex knowledge and patterns.
One that seeks indirect knowledge from mentors in my life. 
One that helps me to find my passion and life-mission.


Where is this filter?
It is in my work ethic and perspective. 
As the Wise Philosopher[1] says,
“You cannot control what happens to you,
But you can control how you react.”
So too I must view life from this filter,
The mechanism of which will allow me to 
React prudently to the dynamic currents of Life. 
































Patience26
Time is like the force of gravity -
predictable, constant, and necessary. 
It supplements the asset of space 
To generate the marvel of perception.
But what is time beyond this fundamental basis of perception?


The entity of time is mysteriously embedded 
Within the mosaic of the Unknown.
For if time changes,
From what time-based perceptive should I base my existence –
Past, present, or future?


If time is perpetual,
What ways do I relate to this perpetuity?
The Einstein relationship of time distortion is too 
Small to be perceived,
But if time can change within our system,
Is not my own existence contradictory to what I perceive?
My whole being and essence is compounded upon defective foundations,
But these foundations are aptly suited to the life I live.


We operate through a system of dilapidated machinery.
Perception is beginning to become outperformed by technology.
When will we be unified with technology so that we can accurately perceive
Not only the present, but the past and future as well?


Unification with this unknown entity of time
Is what I eventually desire. 
The consciousness of space and the tenets of time – 
Past, present, and future –
Are the tools required to look at an object with a much 
Deeper and more fundamental respect,
The tools needed to know and predict 
The behavior of the exterior world,
The tools needed to see the beauty of Nature 
From an even more encompassing and complex
Lens than I now possess. 


I am prone to emotional instability. 
In the current my mind is focused, 
And expectation is the brainchild of eagerness.
The want for time to pass more quickly.
Happiness is the byproduct of an emotional want
For time to slow down at a more reasonable pace. 
Indifference is the subtle complacency for 
Time in its pure form,
The form in which we are most adept to perceive –
To view time as a constant force in the present. 


I must be patient and indifferent,
Impartial and non-expressible,
Silent and free. For time as I perceive it is constant.
It is not the past or future, but now!
To want or to view otherwise is irrational and contradictory. 


Patience will bring me closer to my ancestors, 
Closer to my human identity and my incomplete understanding of life.
For life passes by at a constant rate;
The business I currently grapple onto distorts the perception
That I am naturally inclined to possess.
Let me never forget –
Patience is a virtue to ensure harmony between
My human system with the surrounding environment.


I seek peace, understanding, passion, and happiness
To define my inner purpose and identity. 
These ideals cannot be completed without the passage of time;
These endpoints can only be gained through the correct time-based life perspective.


Conflict arises because my societal framework views life
 from the contradictory time-based perspective.
It unifies the past, present, and future
Through the technological foundations from it relies.
We will remain at an incompatible divide until the Singularity is reached.
Let me then find the courage then to adapt my inner human identity,
Which is more compatible and harmonic than the conformist
Ignorance that surrounds me – ubiquitous incompatibilities. 


So let me not rush through life,
Nor be too lax in my duties. 
I do not want to get too lost in any one moment, 
But desire to possess a certain context-independence. 
Attachment is what distorts time perception,
So let me accept the Natural Maxim that life 
Is constructed to heed –
The canons of carpe diem and patience lead to a 
Tranquil flow of life.[2]


 














Pavement27
The currents of life are dynamic and fluid,
Not stagnant and stationary. 
Re-evaluation of contexts is required for a
Real-time understanding of the surroundings.
Life does have recurring motifs and patterns,
But constantly these patterns are subtly altered to 
Prevent us from completely recognizing 
Them amongst the torrent of unknown chaos. 


Why is it that we revert to past 
Foundational frameworks to address the issues at present?
For democracy was a cure for anarchy and monarchy;
Mathematics was a definition for the worldly patterns around us;
Science was an evaluation of the patterns around us;
Philosophy was a means to question the patterns around us;
Are not we living in a world full of Newtonian pebbles – 
Some rough and others smooth?
We rely too heavily on others to decipher 
The smoother pebbles set out in the path of life.


Some things we must learn alone 
To understand the interconversions of patterns already 
Deciphered around us. Pattern recognition and Understanding
Are not path-dependent;
We all have to travel through the forests of life.
Some paths are longer than others. 
The paths are of infinite variety,
And all lead to the same pattern epiphany. 
It is only the most adept among us who can quickly
Navigate through the forests via the most direct route,
Treading pathways for humanity to follow,
Solid blocks of pavement from which we base our laws.


The self-directed discovery of patterns should be limited 
To the spheres of science and philosophy alone. 
For the physical laws that surround us are the most direct way
To travel through the forests of life’s most important patterns.
Yet the pattern implications and applications of these discoveries are
Subject to creative wonder;
They have subjective importance to each individual in our world,
And constantly embed unpredictable and predictable character 
Like the laws of quantum mechanics. 
It is through the individualistic filters that each person possesses that
Each member treads new routes through the forest –
Speculation is liquid pavement waiting for the aid of 
Predictability and verification to become a solid. 

We all have peripheral energy to contribute to life. 
We all are sailors among the waves of the Universe. 
Each second is a “tipping point” to manifest this peripheral energy.
We are the guides of our own imagination. 
We need this continual expression of peripheral energy 
To evaluate the intelligibility and consistency of the 
Paths of the infinite subforests of our Minds; 
We need to express this boundary condition to fulfill all which we seek:
Avoidance of contradiction,
Catalysis of the solidification of fluid foundations,
And the reformation of our inner identity.
So once consciousness – 
the unique interactions of the infinitely treaded paths –
is formed, let us cultivate it. 
As Emerson identified years before:
“of that of another, you only have an extemporaneous half-possession.” 


Research is the gateway for higher spheres of thought.
Only through your own subjective consciousness can you 
Transform this peripheral fluidity into solid pavement. 




































Bioaffinity28
This very moment I feel connected to Nature;
The instruments that I possess are so rich,
So remarkably complex and complementary.
Consciousness is beyond my own fallible understanding,
But I am inclined to attach to that which I now can perceive –
The clouds this day are clear in the sky embedded in a pastel overtone;
The monochromatic blackness of my mind;
The polychromatic synchrony of the iridescent sunset;
The white noise emanated from the buildings around me;
The rich polytonic sound frequency combinations from the voice of humanity;
The imaginative wonder of the smooth texture of the sand against my feet;
The reality of me standing on top of the coarse surface of unrefined wood texture;
The undefined distance I feel toward my own species;
The anticipation of pleasant tastes and aromas in the coming meal –
How rich and complex is this life which I now live. 


Not only do I have perceptive inclinations –
Emotions enhance the perceptive feedback I receive.
My emotional consciousness is the layer of consciousness
That expresses my compatibility with Earth. 
How deeply emotional I get at the simple clashing of a wave
Against the shore of a beach - natural Bioaffinity. 
This stimulus follows a precise order,
And is continual and predictable.
Are not I, too, a Bioaffinity to Nature?


I await each day to experience the plasticity of perception –
For nothing is more beautiful than the senses and emotions 
Working in perfect coordination.
The surrounding system is my complement,
My understanding and mathematical capacities relay feedback for consciousness.
This world is the only thing that which I am able to perceive,
But I should ask for no more or no less.
Nothing is more compatible with the inner wants of my Soul.
I follow the precise order of nature –
Many subunits embedded together to form perception.
Yes, I follow the precise order of Nature,
And my existential being waits to be 
Reconnected with the beauty I experience through Perception. 


For if I myself am a witness to this beauty alive,
How much greater will it be when I am converted to the Essence
To which I am so attached and love.
Death is not to be feared, nor desired, nor escaped from. 
But I know one thing –
It is something explainable only materialistically.
I willingly concede to the power of equilibrium and order,
My energy will become optimized as my entropy increases.
The very definition of life is a continual oscillation between two states of disequilibrium;
It is an attempt to maintain complexity and homeostasis while preserving natural themes.
But death is the perpetual equilibrium and beautiful order of your existence. 
Death is but an eternal moment of peace and order,
A vital unifying homeostasis and Natural Legacy.  


















































Rebirth29
Let it go.
All the things which cause my pain,
All the thoughts that provoke my anger,
All the pleasures that cause my guilt,
All the friends who break my trust, 
All the people who mock my voice,
All the diversions which distract my purpose,
All the doubts and Chaos rooted within. 
Just let it go. 


Each day is new and plastic –
What has passed has already occurred.
The immediacy of the moment is more important 
Than the emotional provocation of things past.


Let my rebirth occur daily;
Let it be restorative and healing,
Let it be contemplative and resolving,
Let it be lasting and complete. 
For nothing can destroy my human heart.
The passions and principles to which I adhere 
Are my stronghold and fortress.


Where is the light?
Let each new day start with a spark of optimism;
Where is my passion?
Let each new breath fuel the fire even deeper;
Where is my determination?
Let each new step be forward and towards my goals;
Where is my creativity?
Let each new stroke of the pen expand my freedom;
Where is my pragmatism?
Let each new experience cultivate my knowledge of the world;
Where is my tranquility?
Let each new conflict become a newfound motivator;
Where is my appreciation?
Let each second be an opportunity to be humbly appreciative 
of the awe-inspiring world around me. 


Perspective is what defines my purpose.
Discard of that rooted existential pessimism.
Life is beautiful, be free;
Live each moment in its full richness and complexity. 
Revere life’s multidimensional beauty and order,
And expect only that which comes from within my own mind.
For the things of the day may occur in clouded unpredictability,
But my philosophy is what gives me transparency of purpose.
Let me retain this foundational rebirth for introspective solace.




Cultivated Lucidity30
My Self was once a blur,
A fragmented map piece,
An entity in complete unidirectional conformity. 
I missed the picture,
I lacked the capacity to find joy in life. 
I was an estimating machine capable of only the 
Most incomplete comprehension of the essence of everything –
A pathway already exists, so I would follow.
I was but a speck of repeatable insight,
Any plasticity or newness seemed too much for me to handle. 


But now in this very moment, 
I have discovered the potency of knowledge.
I have nurtured and cultivated a certain lucidity of Life!
The clear and distinct themes of life can be viewed in simplicity 
Or in their more complex forms:
Now, I have gradually progressed up the educational hierarchy 
to embrace a viewpoint of life from a more complex perspective. 


I have found that I need this cultivated lucidity 
to get the most out of this life.
It pinpoints the multidimensionality of life’s most important moments -
Uncultured taste leads to impersonal cultural relativism,
A general callous lack of urgency of the moment;
For the real-time filter of the wise seek knowledge to accomplish
Unity of the Self, the profound rooted conviction hidden within.


How pragmatic has my life become!
One thing that was once an impediment 
Is now a learned necessity. 
From the moment I wake up to the moment I sleep,
There is a certain degree of complexity in everything.
The more I learn about the Nature of Life,
The more I realize and pinpoint my inadequacies.
I see the waning convictions that I once held dear, 
And the waxing transformative agents remolding my convictions.
It seems as if this cultivated lucidity is in constant motion - 
In a perpetual state of disequilibrium - 
But is simultaneously converging on a stable threshold of personalization.


The cultivated philosopher paves new paths of glory,
A new freethinking freedom of infinite quality. 
No one direction through the forest is correct, 
But the only direction that matters is the one that I decide to follow.
For once a solution and threshold has been reached,
A cultivated lucidity emerges - 
A conviction is developed,
And the more fully the themes of life 
Agree to my own innovative and creative vibrancy.


What comes next after this resolution occurs?
To see a glimpse of the limitless boundary,
To acknowledge the lucidity of a particular moment,
To cultivate and apply the knowledge that I already have - 
This is the time where all the conformity vanishes,
The modes of creative wonder and passionate scrutiny take precedence,
And the activation of the tools of research inquiry reinvigorates my Soul. 
So that when it comes time for immersion in Change,
I am more than just a unidirectional bystander –
I am a passionate change agent ready to apply my inimitable knowledge to 
Confidently solve any problem that this world places before me. 
















































































Interstitial Vacancies31
Life always emits so much I do not understand 
Amidst the knowledge I have attained –
A mystifying chasm of disorder continually penetrates 
The controlled order I attempt to maintain. 
It is as if the foundation I forge to understand my surroundings
Remains filled with interstitial vacancies. 
I navigate the roads of life without internal interconnectivity,
But with isolated ambiguities in my own subjective understanding.
A search for Unity becomes an unsustainable ideal. 
My frame founders on with vain pride,
Only periodically finding something that is overlapping with Truth. 


I tend to make approximations in what I know,
And I have come to see that these sustained interstitial vacancies are variable:
Some are larger than others;
Some are periodic and oscillatory while others stagnant and linear;
Some are undiscovered to man while others are man’s solid foundations.
 … the list goes on. 
This chaotic variability distinguishes the talent of one from another.
The predictive fallibility of one man is different from another,
And some degree of specialization is required to fully cultivate an individual talent.


For me, these interstitial vacancies keep increasing in size as I grow and develop.
Insufficiencies keep becoming more and more palpable,
And the facets of life are in continual volatile shift.
However, I have found one thing to be True –
These vacancies are full of potent introspective meaning
And define who and what I am through the conflicts that I have not resolved.
To pinpoint these interstitial vacancies and fix them
Is the effort of the Wise Philosopher. 
For it is in these interstices that contradiction and unhappiness emerge:
“This is fate, that inexorable force that prevents our aspirations to
happiness from reaching their goal...life is a constant alternation between 
grim reality and evanescent visions and dreams of happiness... 
sail upon that ocean until it seizes you and engulfs you in its depths." (Tchaikovsky) 


A struggle between intuition - interstitial vacancies - and objective reality – truth -
Is the definitive challenge posed before mankind!
Mein Kampf gegen Entropy.[3]
I will not let the currents of life engulf me, but I will remain 
“like the promontory against which the waves continually break, 
but it stands firm and tames the fury of the water around it.” – Marcus Aurelius (Meditations)
Each wave encompasses an insufficiency to learn from,
Opportunities to fill the interstitials with clear and comprehensible meaning,
Walking a few steps closer to the unified understanding I have set out to achieve. 
Ich werde mein Lifearbeit siegen.[4]


Detained Exhaustion vs. Motivated Optimism32
My life seems like an inescapably complex
Unit of reverberating nothingness and of patternless static.
Nothing seems fulfilling,
All seems to disrupt the tranquility of self-reliance. 
More and more information seems to impede progress,
And fills my internal vessel with garbage.
Why cannot this fluidity be controlled?
I see humankind as a changeable ingredient,
But Nature as a non-changeable tool.
Why cannot we mimic that from which we are made and depend?


My difficulties arise from my own efforts - 
The multivariable expectations and lack of execution of these expectations,
The far-off goals only briefly being peripherally exposed,
The complexities of the self-actualizing sphere of existence,
The trusts I place in life to unfold with some predictive capacity,
The setups I try to control in artificial environments,
The inadequacies of knowledge that I believe I am capable of addressing,
And the life pathway interrelatedness that I am never able to understand. 
Conformities chain me to others,
And I feel detained from my inner identity.
Where do I experience true freedom?


I am sick of the inexpressibility of my soul.
Repression is but for weak minds that cannot express identity.
How can I detach myself from this world?
This world I dually Love and Hate.
Nature and transparency is that which I love - integrity.
Artificiality and lack of transparency is that which I hate – lack of integrity. 
For Nature is my teacher.
The moment Nature becomes artificial,
My whole world becomes a picture of adulterated compartmentalization.
Life becomes a complex and unintelligible oblivion unable to discern Truth. 
I cannot learn from this environment of attachment – it is an unnatural exacerbating emotion.


For with one thing comes an intercomparability with another. 
One achievement for me leads to the downfall or lack of reverence for another.
How prideful I get with the recognition I receive. 
It is all meaningless. 
It is a callous variability self-provoked. 
An expectation put before me, 
An internalization of my inner Self.
From this, I am in a state of detained exhaustion.
I am slave to my inner expectations.


This detained exhaustion has progressed to a seeming point of no return.
I feel inextricably connected to my classes:
1 – Differential Equations – complex algorithm
2 – MSE 2001 – complex microstructures
3 – Biochemistry – complex protein folding
4 - Physics II – complex electrical interactions. 
Why are these subjects indiscrete and unintelligible to me?
Why are they Distant and not connected,
Chaotic and disorganized?
For my perception and intuition are contrary to what I am being taught,
And the changeability of my inner soul leads to contradiction and restlessness.
I am only halfway through something I don’t want to continue on with (College). 
This sense of attachment and obligation distorts Nature. 
It is the Force of Artificiality which roots my detained exhaustion. 


It may be my stubbornness and pride, 
But I am very hesitant to just accept these systems in place;
I am in a continual fluidity in my mind.
I feel a continual defensiveness for competing self-identities.
My sense of self-worth shifts based upon the context I am placed.
It seems as if the moment I adapt and become proficient in one context,
I reach threshold criticism from others and I am forced to leave the place I find peace in – Nature.
A state emerges of unpredictable quality,
And nothing seems to flow like the entity of Nature - peace.
I create but an artificial world of complexity around me.
This creation contradicts my desire for a complementary interaction with Nature.
I do not deserve to be here;
I only make things worse and distort Nature even more.


Nature is not made to be complex;
It is made to be simple and free.
Nature is not made to be manipulated;
It is made to be accepted and adapted to – the universal force of predictability.
Nature is not made to be incomplete;
It is made to be all-encompassing in illimitable unity.


Man makes nature too complex;
He prevents nature to be the self-sustaining model for existence. 
Man manipulates nature;
He does not adapt to nature but encourages new forms of artificial environments.
Man makes nature incomplete;
He seeks to segregate nature into separable parts rather than an integrated Whole. 


We are not made for the place we are making,
We are made for Nature.
Until we change ourselves, 
Nature will be our only source for Freedom. 
And to achieve this freedom,
We must be detached from Man.


What is the solution to this detained exhaustion?
Detachment from humanity.  
I don’t ever want to accept nature artificially;
I want to accept Nature in the most raw and pure form.
Forever I must remain separated from modern humanity.
For humanity is what destroys my concept of Nature.
Humanity makes this world so difficult for me to live in.
Man vs. Man is the most potent threat to my own existence;
I really wish I could preserve that to which only Nature is attached.
Let me never be slave to prideful imbecility or arrogance, only disillusioned self-reliance.
For Nature does not speak to us in words or numbers,
But through intuition and perception.


Natural Competence.
For in every instance I perceive, I look for passion-inducers.
Life gets exhausting only when I attach myself to 
Passion-inducing instruments for too long. 
If I get emotionally attached to something,
It inevitably becomes exhaustive monotony;
I need plasticity and challenge and newness and novelty 
To not only exist, but to thrive.
I strive to live my life by this novelty and newness.
The law of correlation sees that almost every worldly experience impurifies perception –
People, media, houses, buildings, cars, computers –
So detachment is the only solution to the chaos that surrounds me. 
I shall follow only that which challenges to open up new learning opportunities
To speak my own soul and to find peace.
Detained exhaustion then becomes motivated optimism. 


But to maintain this motivated optimism,
I must follow those only who are wiser or who have higher aspirations than my own.
For if I follow others with similar or equal aspirations,
I am doomed to competitive envy and detained exhaustion.
I am at this point now – competitive envy and detained exhaustion.
I must precipitate myself out of this solution,
And in doing so go to a higher level where challenge and novelty are present.
For to live in the Shadow of others is to live in a falsified and artificial world. 


I must also not be prone to creative destruction;
For the creativity I possess can and will be exploited by others. 
I do not want to expose myself so deeply that others can predict 
Who and what I will become. 
My competitors and enemies will use these ideas against me, and I will be hurt.
I must keep my creative thought an internal publication,
Or at least until externalizing thought becomes a necessary action.
I must act as a reluctant spectator until I have the authority to thoughtfully intervene against injustice.
I must be my own innovator,
I must be my own leader,
I must be the change I want to see in this world.
I must always leave a sense of peculiar wonder in the eyes of others 
To avoid artificiality and to retain a stable foundational identity.


My precepts may now seem like an odd combination of meticulous thought and callous thoughtlessness,
But they are the only way that I can perceive this world in a natural way.
They are the only precepts I may use to overcome this detained exhaustion. 
Let me forgive myself for my mistakes;
I now understand how and why I regress from what I want to become.
Detained exhaustion leads to this regression and motivated optimism leads to indubitable progress.
I must now continually find and revitalize this motivated optimism and never look back.
Limitations33
Does true freedom exist?
No, true freedom does not exist. 
What is the nature of freedom?
We define freedom within the bounds of our existence – human nature. 
Where do we look for freedom?
We find it in space, time, and the physical laws of the Universe. 


The inquisitorial sophist realizes the contradiction of freedom.
The Unknown is complex, intimidating, and harmful.
The Known is simple, tractable, and utilizable.
For the Nature of Man is for this World –
We are made to connect with the natural ecosystem around us. 


Limitations are present in the freedoms of human existence. 
We are not free beyond the sphere of existence. 
The moment humanity steps out into space – the Unknown, 
We enter an artificial and hostile environment.
We forcefully make atmosphere compatible with our existence.
Space shuttles, oxygen tanks, energy converters, stored food.
We are but mimicking the Earthlike conditions to fulfill the conditions for existence.
We are not transcending these limitations, but living by them. 
Biological principles do not fade away, but govern our existence.
Even into the unknown, we cannot rid ourselves of these constant principles.


We can only travel so far into the Unknown until a threshold is reached – resource depletion.
The more we travel into the Unknown, the more we learn about it,
And the more challenging our existence becomes. 
The further into the Unknown we tread, 
The more harms we find against us – some not within the bounds of our control.
We are limited;
We cannot control the death of the Sun or the generation of a black hole.
We can only understand the mechanism by which these things happen – Physical Laws. 


We should not look for freedom outside of our existence.
Doing so leads to painful realizations.
To see things that are beyond the magnitude of our existence trivializes our existence.
The threat of a black hole destroying us instills fear of existence,
But this threat is an unwarranted one.
We are made but for one place – Earth and Nature.
We did not evolve with these fundamental themes for a different planet,
Nor have we changed our biological makeup to adapt to a different planet.
We should be complacent with the regional freedoms we generate.
Any other desired freedom is most likely a unified dichotomy between Existence and Understanding –
A conflict of our own regional existence with the Unknown.


As the fish cannot live without water,
We too cannot live without oxygen. 
As a fish can be taken out of the water in a tank,
We too can travel into space with a space shuttle.
As we cannot change the fish to live without water,
We cannot change the human species to live without oxygen.


We do have the capacity to adapt into a new species.
The definition of a new systematic set of laws for our existence
Would define a new idealized environment – beyond Earth.
Can we reverse engineer a solution to enable transcendent freedom? 
We may be able to create new human isoforms with different idealized parameters,
But never will we have a godlike supernova of illimitable freedom.
 


















































































Divergent Melancholy34
The life of the philosopher seems to be a constant oscillatory contradiction. 
Two sides forever plague a philosopher –
Ideality and Reality.
Perception and Internalization of Thought are idealistic Unities.
Communication and Expression of Thought are misinterpreted Realities. 


Two Shadows – 
Intrinsic and extrinsic;  
The internalization of thought against 
The externalization of thought;
One is in perfect synchrony,
While the other in stark asymmetry. 
It is as if a nodal plane of symmetry 
Sets the two from each other,
But both are fundamental assets of existence.


A Reflection –
A mirror sets the real from the projection of the real.
One surface is a projection of 2D space – communication.
The other is the actual 3D representation of perception – internal thought. 
I want to see things in the 3D view,
But the language barrier impoverishes my internal expression.
I think and perceive in 3 dimensions,
But only can express myself in 2 dimensions. 


A Piecework Channel –
A channel guides the flow of water in a regulated way. 
On both sides of the channel are unhindered bodies of water;
The spontaneous, extemporaneous, and free-flowing movement of water molecules 
- An internalized cohesive thought. 
Within the channel is the calibrated control of thermodynamic barriers 
- A language-based guidance channel.  
I want to enter that vast ocean of truth instead of channeling truth
Into regulated, piecework patches. 
Language is my skeleton, 
Thoughts are my soul;
The two sides are perpetually fused into 
My biologically-limited frame of existence.


A Piezoelectric Material –
A piezoelectric material reflects light at characteristic angles;
A piezoelectric individualizes the speed of light through the material. 
V = Vmat/Vc = Lmat/Lc = Nmat/Nc (velocity, wavelength, and angle). 
A piezoelectric material can therefore individualize and personalize the limit of light – a thought.
Electromagnetic radiation can only travel at one speed in a vacuum – the speed of light.
The standard of all radiation propagating through a vacuum is a limiting factor – a language. 
I want to be an individualized piezoelectric material with variable properties –
An Unknown wave propagation speed, wavelength, and refraction angle pattern. 
I do not want to be limited by the standard medium of a vacuum,
Along with the banalities and ephemeral cultural trends that envelop my generation.
A biochemical enzyme –
A biochemical enzyme binds to a transition state intermediate to decrease 
The activation energy of a particular chemical reaction. 
An enzyme is limited by substrate availability, competitive allosteric inhibition, and hormonal regulation.
My existence parallels that of a biochemical enzyme.
My substrate availability is the bandwidth of my mind,
The continual introspective and forming interrelationships formed by rational thinking.
My competitive allosteric inhibitors are the repressed thoughts of my mind,
The things which disrupt synthetic unity and free-flowing consistency of volitional thought formations. 
My hormonal regulators are the barriers that limit my internalized expression,
The foundational linguistic bases that limit my ability to communicate my thoughts to others. 
Maybe the ‘regulation’ that occurs in my human frame is an evolutionary
Survival mechanism to self-repair disruptive and non-meaningful philosophical trances,
Much in the same way enzymes allow for greater thermodynamic favorability. 
Competitive thoughts allow for only the “best fit” thoughts to survive,
The most unified, stable, and cohesive belief remains robust over the scattered, unsystematic beliefs.  
Hormonal regulators allow for the “termination” of excess thoughts when
Fewer thoughts are needed for a solution to a problem. 
I seek to optimize my thoughts and expression of my thoughts to avoid this 
Biologically-limited form of regulation against my inner Soul.   


A Mathematical System –
Mathematical relations regulate the way I perceive the world – communication standard.
Perceptive mirrors integrate the unifying thoughts and expression of subjective experience – thinking eccentricity.
The plane of symmetry between these two spheres causes a distinct divergence:
My society has created a deadweight loss middle ground where both spheres are needed – 
A push toward regulated communication. 
Mathematics needs subjectivity, 
And subjectivity needs mathematics. 
However, most tasks in nature are a subjective extreme or mathematical extreme -
Creative and new tasks – human thinking -
Or monotonous and repetitive tasks – machine standard. 
I want to enter the personally-subjective extreme, 
The illimitable and spontaneous sphere of perception. 
I want to embrace my internal unity;
However, society and its push towards mathematical language wants to scatter my 
Meticulously organized subjective set of internal relationships. 
Instead, I have to live in a biologically non-adept middle ground of
Complacent acceptance in the societal technologically-immersed architecture. 


The life of the philosopher is one of divergent melancholy.
The logically-minded philosopher easily sees the discontinuity in thinking and expression,
And also recognizes the inexorability of the problem.
As Tchaikovsky once said,


"This is fate, that inexorable force that prevents our Aspirations to happiness from reaching their
goal...life is a  constant alternation between grim reality and evanescent  visions and dreams of happiness... sail upon that ocean until it seizes you and engulfs you in its depths." (Letter to von Meck on Symphony No. 4)






Will I ever be able to communicate that which I mean?
I live for the day when my thoughts can be translated to another human
In a perfect symmetry and accord – revealing the basis for my thoughts.
Then another human being could understand my line of reasoning.
For until that day,
I will live in an orb-like venn diagram of asymmetry – internal thoughts vs. external expression.
A human life is a belligerent and scrupulously calibrated internal frame of thought
Impoverished by the natural barriers of an error-prone, limiting capacity of communication systems.
A publication of thought through actions remains the best form of communication:


“Words are finite organs of the infinite mind. They cannot cover the dimensions of what is in truth. They break, chop, and impoverish it. An action is the perfection and the publication of thought. A right action seems to fill the eye, and to be related to all nature.” - Emerson (Nature)
 








































































Xenophobic Barriers35
I do not know how to respond to Xenophobic Barriers:
The strange and the unknown;
The unexplored depths of human knowledge;
The unanticipated intricacies of human activities;
The feigned attachments to familiarities; 
The stark asymmetries of human minds;
The undefined identities of human existence;
The formidable challenges of societal organization;
The unestablished barriers between cultures;
The assimilated normalcies within a culture;
The ambiguous moralities of the common man;
And the awe-inspiring immensity of our world and universe. 


These are the things that make me feel foreign – asymmetric.
I feel an affinity for the Natural World,
But a Repulsion for the Natural-Unnatural World Hybrid. 
It is as if the world is latently expressing xenophobia -
Fearing the existence of itself and its internal manifestations,
While maintaining themes of constancy.
The natural-unnatural world is so non-unified, emotionally stagnant, and controlled. 


When one of these Forces acts in my mind,
My thoughts become defrayed and begin to atrophy. 
My thoughts become rerouted to a conformist-survival route,
A route where I can escape the definition of the Unknown and resort back to the Known.
My mind becomes a storehouse of depleted memories,
A void of attempted struggles and exhausted trials. 


These struggles force me to change the path to an easier one. 
Why not pave a path through these struggles and Xenophobic Barriers?
These barriers are present in every human’s existence;
I lack the capacity to respond perfectly to the Unknown,
How I react to them is what makes me into a freethinking, specialized machine. 




























Existential Anarchy36
I am an undifferentiated stem cell –
Immature, volatile, and unrefined.
My identity has yet to be revealed,
But my environment seems to be inextricably tied to my differentiation. 
I feel like a cultureless human being,
A cell not yet able to operate with regionalized purpose.
I am unable to embed into the cultural mosaic of which I will eventually replenish,
But I am at the periphery of differentiation. 
The epochal cue to mature is approaching from the outside environment,
But it is beyond my Internal Locus of control.
Just as we may know what environmental cues provoke a stem cell to differentiate,
I too may one day know how my environmental context “shaped” me. 
I fear that this phase shift is too near to understand.
My ignorance leaves unpredictable discord into this esoteric interaction,
And day by day the temperature is rising closer to my boiling point.
The miscibility between the two phases – past and future – is becoming increasingly blurred,
And my identity is undifferentiated but is evanescently differentiated.
Soon my life will be a continuous repetition of mini “life cycles” like that of a cell –
Systematic monotony will lead to homogenous predictable stability.
It will have maturing plot line and a climactic end. 
But I am not yet there…


I am an architect unable to draw up plans for a ‘Grand Temple’ –
Life is but a Noble Experiment to find the proper foundation for Greatness and Consistency.
I feel like I have become a fading outline for others to build their temples,
But I cannot pick up the utensil to draw out my own plans. 
So many Great Architects have gone with contributive prowess,
The very attempt to build a fortress seems like a bleak aspiration.
I am naturally inclined and expect to build this temple alongside the rest of humankind,
But where is this temple to be built but over the foundational temples of others?
Humankind is a civilization of dissolved temples over a 2,000 year period, 
So any secluded temple that I build will be disowned and ignored by the Great Architects of the World.
The life of the secluded architect leads to a new civilization –
A civilization of creative coherence to his own subjective architectural framework and
Incoherence to the ubiquitous temple designs. 
Building this temple seems contradictory with a mix of self and others.
When I am able to abstract others from my creations,
I will be a resolute architect that can be non-imitative and capable of this Grand Design.
But I am not yet there…


I am an author struggling to find the first few words of a new book –
I am without a pen, thematically wordless, and dispiritingly uncreative. 
Once the idea is formulated, 
The words will flow freely and voluminously from my mind. 
But now I am in a frustrating moment of chaotic stagnation. 
I am at the grain boundary of the interface between word and thought,
But I cannot elicit my scattered thoughts through eloquent language.
My life is almost started in a “specialized” direction,
But the Book first needs to undergo a brainstorming session.
I need to progress through a series of different vocations and life journeys
Before this book can be written.
I need to take some time for introspection and self-discovery
Before I can proceed on this idea-based journey with full motivation and rationalized exuberance.
Then the thoughts will come and freely flow through language.
As a turbocharged engine emits exhaust and the engine uses that exhaust to gain power,
I will eventually proceed with a stronger and more concrete idea for this book,
And the last pages will be the most significant.
But I am not yet there…


 I am an inquisitive child with no curiosity – 
A seemingly capable athlete with no competitive spirit.
The things that once seemed interesting to me have become perceptible monotonies. 
The configuration of the world has become patternized and more complicated.
I do not know how to use my talents,
And my interest in the simplicities in life has decayed. 
New challenges exist – new languages, people, and education –
But these challenges oscillate frequently between their active and inactive forms.
It seems as if I am at still at the bottom of a mountain;
I remain at the bottom despite months of preparation for the hike to the summit,
And need a spark to begin the journey.
I will soon climb the mountain to a focused endpoint, 
But I have been distracted by my surroundings and have inadequately prepared for the journey.
Further training is necessary to begin the journey.
When I am ready and begin to progress up the mountain,
My curiosity of the world will increase once again,
I will repossess the Tolstoy childheart instinct of trancelike motivation,
And I will be fully determined and confident to finish the Great Task before me.
I will one day reach the summit and maximize this curiosity.
Everest will be my ultimate feat.
But I am not yet there…


I am a soldier with no weapons –
I have many enemies, but I possess no retaliation. 
The accumulation of power and its circulation through humankind
Is my most dangerous adversary. 
I am a powerless human being,
Yet one day I will possess great power.
This great power arises from control over my mind –
It is the most potent weapon I can possess.
I have only a weak affinity to this power,
But as I practice meditative scrutiny,
I will one day conquer this enemy and reach the Ultimate Composure.
For complete Acceptance and Understanding of Life 
Eliminates all threats and fully conquers all Enemies.
But I am not yet there...


I am a clinician unable to diagnose disease - 
My Worldview Filter is plagued with erroneous correlations,
And I am struggling to discern the true nature of my illness. 
I am in a stagnated diagnosis – 
Erroneous, contradictory, speculative, and incomplete.
But soon I will be able to improve this Worldview Filter.
I will become an increasingly sentient and automated machine,
Who will be able to pinpoint and remove the improper gap discontinuities in my knowledge. 
The instruments that I will use to diagnose disease will become increasingly specific and sensitive,
And will lower in cost and become more accessible,
Improving my overall health outcome.
My diagnosis will then be absolute and entirely accurate. 
But I am not yet there…


I am a musician without my specialized instrument –
I feel like I have lost something to which I was once ineffably concatenated with.
My Emotion is gone.
Creative wonder used to emanate through my mind through emotional clarity.
The days were facile and passion-filled,
Personalized and synchronous with perception.
Now I am in a repeating state of dispiriting monotony, 
Unattached action and unanticipated challenge.
My instrument has been lost, but soon it will return –
Gradual mastery will eventually elicit creative beauty from my Mind. 
I am yet too desolate and uncreative to output a Grand Symphony,
And I must learn the theory before composing this Masterpiece.
Because that which I want cannot be solved intuitively,
But only through gradual creative rejuvenation. 
The ‘supercharged influx’ of musical clarity will one day emerge,
And this Majestic Symphony will be composed.
But I am not yet there…


I am a speculative philosopher unable to ask the right questions –
My knowledge has become discontinuous with the patterns of the world.
For in my youth the questions were easily identified and asked,
But now the questions arise in multilingual disparity and mathematical complexity.
I do not possess the capacity to change this complexity,
But my power arises through self-assimilation of varied forms of knowledge.
Gradually I am becoming more capable to ask the right questions.
The questions are arising from less appropriate to more appropriate,
And I am trying to disengage from scrutinizing the insignificant.
In an introspective environment I will one day be able to ask all the right questions,
And my speculative wonder will be filled with a Full Understanding of the World.
But I am not yet there…


I am a mathematician with a weak mathematical foundation – 
The formulas derived for use are memorized and only partially understood.
Even with my little understanding of how to apply equations,
I do not see the full implication of the mathematical result.
I know a few concepts in broad simplicity and linear perfection.
Sometimes they are combined and manipulated,
But my capacity to derive new mathematical foundations is limited by Self-Teaching;
I do not know the complexities of nonlinear phenomena and how to solve them.
I will eventually build this foundation to the threshold necessary to understand these patterns,
But I have so much more to learn before this time.
I need to filter out my inadequacies of knowledge and assiduously follow Truth.
As Newton once formed Calculus,
Descartes once formed a Graphical Cartesian System,
And many others expanded upon these baselines,
I too can form new mathematical conceptions of the World. 
But I am not yet there…


I am a chemist with a weak knowledge of reaction chemistry – 
The compounds I form are from the hard work of others.
My ability to manipulate my product is severely limited by my knowledge.
I can follow the protocols to make a certain product and confirm its purity with NMR,
And use it to observe a particular result.
But this is “Discovery Science” and not true “Chemistry.”
A true chemist has a theoretical understanding of the reaction vessel –
Reactant structure/Reaction mechanisms/MO Theory/Stereochemistry/Resonance structures.
But I do not yet possess this knowledge.
I only possess a simplified fusion of memorized reactions and concepts.
I will one day be able to reverse engineer any environment and compound,
And see the full “implication” of the result.
But I am not yet there... 


So one may ask the following questions:
How can I become differentiated into a desirable cell type?
How can I draw up plans for a ‘Grand Temple’?
How can I find the first words for a ‘New Book’?
How can I revitalize my childlike curiosity?
How can I find my most potent weapon?
How can I retain a competitive spirit?
How can I improve my diagnostic capacity?
How can I become reattached to my musical instrument?
How can I ask the right questions?
How can I find the correct configuration of mathematical knowledge?
How can I have a robust knowledge of reaction chemistry?
For I stated where I am and what I will become,
But I have not provided the method to get from A to B. 
For these questions all originate from the same source,
And seem to be interconnected through a single theme. 


I am presently in a state of existential anarchy –
I am at the peripheral boundary of all these issues.
There is an ecliptic chaos emerging that makes me unsettled.  
Everything seems randomly aligned in a state of equivalent importance,
Making my life path a difficult one to choose.
For with one path I may gain more utility than another,
Yet I fail to see the difference between the two. 


So what is this theme?
All of these things mark a Difficult Beginning,
But they also all mark a Magnificent End.
For my status is yet at a Difficult Beginning – 
My career is only beginning to become peripherally manifest.
But I dream and aspire for a Magnificent End –
My goal is to produce something meaningful and groundbreaking in this career.




Where is my purpose?
My purpose seems to be in pragmatic utility.
For when I follow things that are most useful to me,
I tend to have a greater capacity to achieve a “Magnificent End.”
But the things I find useful are so scattered and different that this
Magnificent End may evolve to be scattered and less robust.
I need to thus find one Sole Purpose and Goal.


Where is my internal organization?
My internal organization is based upon a philosophical system that I have derived myself.
I organize my thoughts through introspection,
Then I appraise their practical utility and value,
Then I follow the thoughts that will give me the most utility through actions.
I have adopted a philosophy to resolvedly follow these thoughts in full confidence,
Dissect and abstract all distractions that prevent the expression of these thoughts,
And eventually these thoughts and aspirations become a reality.
However I frequently have conflicting thoughts that are hard to appraise,
And then I randomly choose between the two. 
I should not be forced to choose;
This is the root of my Confusion.  
For if I instead prioritize instead of blindly choose,
I can still follow both thoughts assiduously and retain marginal utility. 
These thoughts just cannot be given full attention simultaneously.


How shall I proceed?
I should not proceed in confusion,
But with confident acceptance of the world ‘as is’ alongside my volitions.
I need to live and introspect my life by a filter that separates 
Worldly Truths from Non-Truths, 
Useful Thoughts and Non-Useful Thoughts,
And Compatible and Incompatible Self-Environment Interactions.


For in my anarchic state of unpredictable discord,
I recognize that “truth seems contradictory.” 
One-sided opinions do not plague me,
Because I know that the all-encompassing opinion is the best opinion to hold.
I attempt to accept the world in unbiased certainty –
Not in arrogance but with humility.
For nothing can humble you more than Nature herself.
For that which is expected to occur does not usually occur,
And I eventually recognize the inconsistencies in my logic that have 
Caused me to believe in something that is False.
My strength arises not in forming truths, 
But in pinpointing and eliminating these inconsistencies. 
For that which is oftentimes is not that which should be,
And by abstraction I can come to the conclusion that a predictive ground is wrong,
And the world operates by some hitherto unknown force that I am not accustomed to perceive.
Then I can form a new reason for which this event occurs
Until I can replicate the event examined with precision. 
This process is when speculation becomes subjective theory,
And the previous contradiction becomes a correct foundation for that which is.
So then the state of unpredictable discord retains some predictability,
And this process partially alleviates the potency of the 
Unstable foundation from which I currently base perception.
This process may continue until equilibrium of stability can be reached,
And then I can construct the Grand Masterpiece with firm stability of my Mind,
Free from the hindrance of my current imperfections of understanding. 


For if a foundation has not achieved equilibrium,
My thoughts, actions, and career cannot be settled.
And once this foundation is established,
My thoughts, actions, and career will be settled.
And once I follow this foundation with assiduous passion,
My thoughts, actions, and career will aggrandize an become more specialized.
And with this specialization in a career,
What limit will there be to achieve a Magnificent End?
That is a question only the future can answer,
For the great achievements of the past can be understood in terms of their historical context,
But no one can resolutely determine the context of the future. 


 


































































Masked Endpoints37
Each day I wake up and ask myself the same question: 
“How will this day be any different from the rest?”
The endpoints of my mind are hard to decipher;
They are encrypted components of scattered information. 


I am unaware of my true wants and desires.
They are masked in hierarchical complexity.
I have found a pathway for repeatable emotional utility in my obtrusive mind,
But there seem to be other transcendent and indefinable wants in my latent mind.


Latent wants are the source of all unhappiness in my human system.
I can occasionally catalogue these peripheral thoughts in trancelike glances,
But I can never at any given moment satisfy all the wants in my inner Soul.
My wants transcend my biological capacity: I am incomplete.


I will always have these transcendent wants and desires,
And I will always search to reduce the tension between wants and happiness.
I do not seek conventional pathways to quell them – 
I seek a reproducible and confirmatory pathway to transcend my human biology.


Existential speculation does not bring me happiness. 
It only augments inner chaotic frustration.
For with one question come a thousand others:
In the mind of the thorough philosopher, approximate answers do not suffice.


To what end must this discernment continue?
I do not believe I can monitor and fulfill my wants in real-time,
Yet I unrealistically want to achieve this end. 
I desire a filter to perceive the world in cultivated objectivity.


I do not see Nature relying on metaphysical speculations, so why should I?
Nature oftentimes shows more constancy and rationality than my own human system:
It exists in homeostatic harmony – it is balanced and has purpose.
The paradigms of Nature oftentimes seem more relevant to my existence than human speculation.


I must be complacent and accept my human identity,
But identity is intimately connected to thought,
And the origin of my own ‘thought’ is puzzling.
If I could truly control my thoughts,
I would not always become distracted by my environment. 
My thoughts seem to be randomly oriented and provoked - 
It seems like I do not ‘control’ my thoughts, but I react to them:
The Descartean, “I think therefore I am”
Should instead be, “I think therefore I react.” 


Life is but a constant evaluation of these systematic thoughts.
When I try to focus a thought,
I have the ability to fine-tune the focus of the thought, 
But I cannot control how various thoughts interconnect with each other. 
The interconnectivity of these thoughts provokes random wants and desires.


If my masked endpoints are dependent on my wants and desires,
And my wants and desires are “mutated” by my context,
Then does not my existence, too, exhibit random purpose?
If my thoughts are mainly shaped by my context,
My context induces mutability in my own thought formations,
Then only the “best fit” thoughts survive to augment my capacity to adapt to a context.


Therefore, if I abstract all context dependence,
I can find my true identity and peripheral desires.
To determine my authentic endpoints,
I must devote my existence to careful introspective scrutiny.
To find true happiness, I must live in self reliance.
I can then achieve the endpoints of my isolated system in Nature,
And I shall thus be able to determine my own spectral identity – 
The colors of which I am composed will one day be revealed,
But it will take both sincere effort and patience.  




































































Cultural Ischemia38
I seek a forlorn solitude,
A filter that cultivates reason –
And reason only.


My worldly context is toxic to my only desire;
My internal fire has been lit to higher levels,
Places where all proletariat thought vanishes –
Focused critiques of Culture are my only Virtues. 
For it takes a transcendent mind to spot Truth - 
Truth amidst the illusory ocean of Unrealities.
And it takes an even braver mind to broadcast Truth -
To the Ones that take all measures to veil it.  


My worldly context has evolved to ischemia –
I am a stem cell waiting to find my identity.
My context is inducing fatal chemoattractants into my Mind - 
Toxicity to the self-assembly process,
An artificial human-genesis in diametric opposition to my Desire,
Perpetrating a Drowning Conformity of oscillatory breaths -
Some above and some below the surface.
When I escape to the peripheral surface,
My mind is a natural freethinking machine…
A cultureless static of perfective Natural Passion.
Before I can grasp this moment of Beauty,
Waves of Culture swiftly smash against my face,
Slamming it into underwater Conformity…
Distancing myself from my True Identity.
Out of forced duty I am this self-unself hybrid,
A fulcrum from my only want and desire. 
The undulation of oxygen-rich and oxygen-poor states 
Foments antagonism against my biological limits,
And my operational definition of human existence
Bounds itself in calamitous contradiction. 
I do exist, 
But only in ‘trance-like’ moments of freethinking Darkness.
The rest of the time,
The illumination of Humanity desecrates my Soul.
I cannot differentiate.


I thus seek a Cultureless Abyss of isolated Darkness –
Yes, this is truly where I wish to return.
To the place of my Unadulterated Soul,
Where I can recover the Epiphenomenal Nature of Existence, 
To overcome the boundaries of Enslaved Duty,
To unleash my repressed faculty of Reason,
To activate the weaponry of the Brave Soldier, 
And eliminate the cultural paradigms implanted in my memory loci.
It is as if my peripheral consciousness is expressing a long-awaited wail:
“Give me the ability to transmit reason or give me death.” 
Self + Nature = Reason.
Self + Authority System + Nature = Perturbed Reason. 
Self + Authority System = No Reason. 
The self-authority system interaction abstracts reason from thoughts,
So living in Culture alone is thus ‘Death’ itself. 


It was once difficult to discern isolation from ischemic Culture:
Society is like the transmitter of augmented non-decipherability.
The information economy brings false information to Belief –
When man is slave to the proxy-based information economy,
He loses all higher forms of consciousness.


Ischemic contexts now seem viral instruments; 
It is as if the cultural visibility is spreading into the Global Fabric.
The inbuilt derision by my Soul to this quibble is like
A futile fume in the atmosphere of Culture. 
My resistance is quelled immediately –
The Social Order formulaically excommunicates Reason.
From relativistic Moral Laws my existence is judged.


I wish to embrace the Taoist ‘formless form.’ 
I seek to passionately run in rational shadows while 
Humanity sleeps in ignorant complacency.
For Truth yields a hundredfold more utility than
Obstructed and toxic Conformity.
While the proletariat yields to trivial oscillatory arguments, 
The Wise Philosopher retains a stable foundation of Truth.  


Society gives me adulterated wants and desires.
My true wants and desires come from my own mind:
“My own mind is my own church…”
But when ischemia is induced into my veins,
It becomes a peripheral mind-context convoluted desire.
The toxic distortion in human interaction becomes increasingly important,
And my thoughts no longer are my own,
But a product of the context I am placed in.
Context-dependence leads to scaled controllability of proletariat thoughts.
Context dependence is proportional to enslaved duty –
The more the context shapes my thoughts and desires,
The more nature becomes reduced to this context-dependence,
And my identity no longer is my own freethinking schema, 
But that tailored to the wants of the Hierarchical Initiator.
If you want to be a slave,
You will take the road of context constancy – 
No challenge – an infinitely repeating array of brainwashed conformity.
The truly superior minds can cogently introspect,
They can transcend this cultural ischemia.
They perceive their minds in unadulterated clarity. 
Passions drive reinvigorated trials of trance-like solitude.
Wholeheartedly they follow every thought –
Whether small or big,
Disorganized or relevant.
The Superior Mind grasps context-independent personalization,
A maximally cultivated taste of the world. 
For to be a superior judge, 
One must first acquire the requisite knowledge of the Natural Order –
Science and Mathematics.
The arrogance of Humanity is ignored,
Truth is their Savior,
An unfathomable objectivity resides in eternal stability. 
The Great Soldier can then publish these Universal Truths:
‘Pulchrum est paucorum hominum: goodness is a privilege.’


Why does my context oppose me?
To prevent questioning – all opposition.
The Order is fixed and unchanging,
Flexibility only brings tension between me and context.
My spontaneous mind is the adversary to the Context…
Life is contradictory to the context…
We built this human Artifice not for self-preservation
But for complete and wholehearted self-denial.
Contradictory to the True meaning of Life. 


Where is true freedom?
All contexts are not equal;
Some are toxic,
While others are less toxic,
As if a hierarchy of toxicity exists.
The people-deplete context is the least toxic of them all –
The One called Introspective Solitude.
Ischemic affinities become less apparent.
The place where my Soul is Absolutely Expressed,
Illimitable from personal experience and all distortion,
Where my mental facilities elicit maximally profitable outputs.  
By true freedom can only exist in piecewise moments of Clarity –
The rest is just Forced Proletariat Conformity,
Delusive speculative theorizing,
A lack of an error-recognition system,
A loss of all sort of Identity in the Natural Ecosystem,
A form all too predictable and ill-farsighted. 
Culture is the enemy of Freedom. 
But I cannot live completely without Culture. 
So the cycle is infinitely repetitive. 


My desire can be thus be redefined as unperturbed freedom. 
Culture is the perturbation that delimits its implementation. 
Societal ignorance is one conflagration of all my misery,
And the viral-based contextual ischemia pollutes my wants. 
I am but a cell trying to survive in an artificially induced environment,
Against the Natural Order of Selection.
My context is suffocating me in predictable, oscillatory monotony,
And makes my reclusive solitude my only panegyric for air. 
At least I have some air to breathe.




Non-Ideality vs. Semi-Ideality vs. Ideality39
Non-Ideality.
Life is but a mix of elements – 
Simultaneous disequilibrated patches of information,
Paradoxical proxies of consciousness,
Foible-prone perspectives of existence,
Infused shapes in constant diametric opposition,
Mathematically-stacked parallelisms,
All combined to form a chaotic quality of uncertainty. 


Semi-Ideality.
Life constantly seeks to ethically reform itself 
Through a predisposed affinity to homeostatic equilibrium,
Attempting balance of terms to the lowest energy state,
Combined to form a baseline to understand existence.  
We operate by a set of fine-tuned parameters – 
Temperature, endocrine regulation, neuronal networks, tissue specialization –
But the interactional relationships between these parameters 
Lack human cross-spectrum understanding.
These unknown biological inexorabilities are approximations –
We are searching for answers at a narrow frequency
When in fact the bandwidth extends greatly across the inter-relational spectrum. 
We have but a distorted perception of how things interact,
But we foolishly apply compensated gap-filling knowledge to 
Quell uncertainty and logically apply pragmatisms to our existence:
We can pinpoint some harms and fix them with medicine,
But for those noxious diseases that are multifactorial,
We can only but evaluate the symptomless symptom,
The specific-less and sensitive-less nonexistent cure.
Such cases accentuate of the salient inadequacy of human evolution.
The attempt to counteract physically-valid entropic laws,
Alongside the complexities involved in context immersion,
Has proven too difficult for humankind to solve.
Biological identity is currently beyond our capacity for understanding.
But we keep on trying… [and mis-diagnosing]


Proof for Semi-Ideality.
I feel like an electromagnetic wave in a vacuum-based medium.
The speed of light is my limit.
At birth, my direction is constant and uniform.
My electric fields and magnetic fields are in constant perpendicular monotony.
I can at least pinpoint the magnitude of my existence
And from what direction it originated.
To some this is awe-inspiring science – existence –
But I see this pattern as a predictable routine,
Characterized by infinite simultaneity,
Immersed in a Context of Observers that inadequately measure
The sphere of my existence with improper experimental tools
– subjective toxins to my inertial motives. 
From the Properties of Nature I am made and operate;
In nature, I go on infinitely in a pre-made direction.
In the human context, I am absorbed then re-emitted in my proper Quantized Energy States,
Then head off in a new direction –
A directional newness with the same speed filtrates new passions.
Sometimes my energy becomes scattered and the radiation spreads across the spectral quanta,
My identity becomes a virally multifaceted piecework theme, sometimes conflicting.
It seems like these excitable geneses of short-lived bursts of delta-directionality and omni-emissions
Apply some ephemeral meaning to my existence, 
At least informationally-valid mathematical meaning that encompasses omnidirectional morphogenesis,
But this directional shift and morphology is beyond my control. 
The context is the Unknown Obstructing Re-emitting force that shapes my existence.
The more times I am re-emitted from these obstructions,
The more thermal energy that is lost from my system – aging.
Energy once self-contained becomes communal exothermicity for others to use;
And I gradually deteriorate into a increasingly meaning-deplete organism,
While I subtly observe new electromagnetic waves propagating around me from organic matter.
Such is the inelastic human life cycle – a catalyzed metric-less contradiction.


Desire for Maximal Ideality.
I seek to be a context manufacturer living a life of artificial Self-Reliance – 
To enable a transcendence above my incontrollable context-dependent human identity. 
I want to be a machine of self-made directional-morphological-elastic control. 
When connected with the Unknown, 
I am like an all-encompassing wind current; 
I am like a leaf flying amid the clouds –
With free-flowing purpose,
I become a context-inhibited freethinker. 
I see the multidimensionality of life by propagating through the non-re-propagate-able media.
I do not get stuck in stagnated aloof energy deficiency or re-emitted inelasticity.
I receive recognition from nature, 
Silent but long-lasting and meaningful recognition.
A perpetual and traceable material existence is that which I seek.
A hockey puck on a frictionless surface, never hitting the walls of the container.
An object with no gravitational or electrical interactions in space, with one impact force.
A pendulum in continual oscillation from left to right to back and forth;
The simultaneous static of motional constancy without re-propagating prezygotic barriers.
A resonant AC RLC circuit with complementary capacitive reactance and inductive reactance,
Making resistance due to motional emf minimal – reactance – to optimize the inflow of current.
I do not want perfect elasticity, but to get as close to ideality as possible. 
Then the phase waveform of life will be more filtered and fluid and less coarse and solid.
A purely quantifiable identity will make my Soul less prosecutable and universally understood.
Thus is the life of the transparent, peace-seeking philosopher. 


Alone, I am nothing.
But alone, I am everything.
And alone I seek to be. 
 








Escalated Rancor40
Life is like a constant struggle  
To produce a song on the piano. 
Musical variations – 
Resonant notes in phase,
Cacophonous notes out-of-phase,
Resonant-cacophonous hybrid phase intermediacies. 


The left hand on the piano is the context – 
A self-derived framework and limit which humankind must heed,
A boundary, a segmentation, a discerned and approximate reality.
With the accompaniment of the context set,
The right hand is the freethinker.
It can either induce accord or discord into the musical system.


Behind each touch of the piano,
There is a heart-replete truth for the composer. 
“I am a freethinker” – says He.
“I must continue to resonate…
I must complement the boundaries of my system.” 


Before long, He gets a surreal burst of emotion.
A burst beyond the scope of worldly descriptions.
He is now in a trancelike solitude,
A time-independent state of freedom.
“These bounds do not limit me…”


He continues…


“Amid the context I have been placed, I have oscillated between a half empty and half full cup before me... I have presently chosen the half full perspective because of this trancelike freedom. In this illimitable transcendentally complex state, I am my whole and complete Self.”


But suddenly, the emotion stops. 
It ceases His freedom.
The perspective shifts…


“Again, I have dropped into a state of escalated rancor,” 
Says He with clear frustration.


But still, the left hand continues with the serially repetitive multi-tone.
“I have run out of emotion… I am passionless. Once again, the cup has shifted to become half-empty.”


Purpose depletion and pessimism now elicit a flood of rancor in the right hand. 


“Every time I now try to play music and freethink, it is as if the delimiter – my context and left hand – has won. I can no longer supplement the music with resonance, only rudimentary notes that are out-of-phase and contradict the context within itself. I have reached a maximum and now am heading toward a minimum in marginal freethinking capacity, and I am no longer suited for this context.” 


Deeply reflective, he waits again.
He waits for the moment when the emotionally charged passion returns
Like a drug addict in withdrawal.
His purpose is brief and transitory;
His niche can only be experienced in short-term segments of Beauty. 


“So I must now be silent and learn… I can no longer innovate. It is as if a Force of Nature prevents me from outputting continual passion… Learning is the catalyst for rancor removal, and complacency is the catalyst for rancor cultivation.” 


For the lives of the philosopher and the musician are identical. 
In times of escalated rancor, purpose is nonexistent – pessimism.
In times of freethinking solitude, purpose is existent – optimism.
In times in intermediacy, purpose is meta-forming based upon the reactants 
And inputs of the mind – an existent and non-existent purposeful middle ground…


Docility in scientific truth is the only way to be receptive to new passion-filled independences. 
Docility in mystery is the fastest way to contradict understanding – 
It is like setting off a forest fire and ruining all the trees that Nature has so long tried to produce –
It has a purpose to kill life, internal fire.


These are the two paths in life –
Complacency with the Unknown and
Curiosity with the Unknown.
Curiosity promotes this trance-like passion-full music,
Complacency generates repetitive cacophonous music.


Finally he comes to the climactic realization:


“Volo ex doloram et ex servum fugire.
Volo ad fidelis liberatum reducere…”[5] 


He thus waits to compose a new song,
A song filled with Truths to liberate his troubled Soul. 




























Algorithmic Tension41
I feel like a ruthless automaton -
A motivated 20%-human-80%-nonhuman hybrid entity. 
My life is filled with committed routine,
And I implement tasks through repeatable algorithms. 


Social – times allocated to cultivate relationships.
Work – to-be completed tasks for my work environment.
Health – scheduled routines to maintain my health.
Freethinking – partitions to be creative and find my passions.

It seems like I have become increasingly emotionless;
Tasks mount and to-do lists are made,
But these mounting tasks make my human-based emotions infertile. 
The fertility of objective efficiency thus eclipses my human soul,
And this existential metric becomes the only way to measure meaning in my life. 


The routine seems almost completely static and pure,
But some nuanced unpredictably is induced into my system to retain a dynamic quality.
Inputs remain the same – class schedules, meeting times, and research blocks –
Yet some additional inputs are added to cause a remarkably complex problem.
New algorithms need to be created and implemented daily,
And I find a way to adapt and ameliorate the excess input cues. 
The unpredictability is thus quelled,
And a checklist homeostasis is achieved. 


Yet I still desire emotional fulfillment. 
Algorithms are not enough;
I seek to abstract all routine at certain points in my life.
Emotions flow through my body in pulsed bursts:
Supercharged emotional influxes generate overwhelming relief to this tension.
This desire for emotional stability, too, has a homeostasis.
But, it remains mostly ignored due to a self-culture disillusioned relativism. 
The emotional fabric of consciousness remains in disequilibrium 
Only to be retained to harmony through these time-randomized emotional bursts. 


The dramatic tension between routine and emotion cannot be undermined.
This conflict permeates throughout all human culture –
China, India, Africa, South America, North America.
The “routine duty” vs. the “transcendent want” -
All cultures repeat these routine-emotional tensions,
And the deeper mind seeks to understand their framework and root. 


My Western society seems to place more weight on routine than on emotion.
New thresholds of productivity have been delineated from new technological bases.
Humans thus need to artificially construct themselves into objectively efficient systems – 
80% routine is now the re-established standard.
This change is a maladaptive shift from the evolutionary constraint of 50% embedded routine. 
Hormones of stress become a systemic threat in Western Culture;
Human bodies thus attempt to overcome the algorithmic tensions,
And live in an emotionally-neglected yet productive transcendence. 
Yet, I still desire to retain my human emotional identity and reactionary consciousness 
Through collaterally sprouting passion-release systems.


My perception even seems to be resting on a tension-prone foundation for thoughts and reactions. 
Applied forces – all internal thoughts of routine (morality). 
Reactionary forces – the integrative emotional-thought complex (the moral-action relation). 
With the thesis and antithesis being construed,
The algorithmic tension further permeates through the sphere of perception. 


Sometimes my reactionary emotions are toxic.
I react adversely when my value systems are not defined.
Therefore, my values should be explicitly described and laid out 
So the ignorant man cannot attack them.
In this way, no man can attack me;
My passion-abundant beliefs remain my foundation.
The previously ignorant man - now knowledgeable in my values – 
Can now reciprocally hurt himself through guilt. 


I raise two final questions:
“What is the ideal evolutionary balance between routine and emotion?”
“Can this threshold even be defined?”


I do not know how to answer either question,
But I believe we should quickly draw this boundary.
This boundary must be drawn before we become so separated from our human identities.
The threat remains that we may be generating technological contexts too complex for us to compete in.
Algorithms are necessary,
But so too are the fine-tuned bursts of emotional passion.
The future will establish new weights on both of these entities;
Let’s hope it proceeds in the most human friendly direction.


Sometimes the right answer is, “Yes, that is objectively true.”
But sometimes the right answer is, “I react this way, so let me embrace this thought.” 
I hope I can appropriately draw the boundaries in my system to 
Context-stabilize my routine algorithms with emotional responses.


 


























Constrained Transcendence42
I feel so constrained -
As a dichotomized entity of real-unreal components,
I form many hypotheses of the world.
Most lack validation from a non-implementable framework,
But some provide executive truth and insight as to my purpose.  
The boundary of my existence is simplified to promote self-understanding.
The domain of my existence is neither all-encompassing nor solitary;
It is only from the foundations of human understanding I can taxonomize myself.
All else outside of these foundations remains as a fragment of consciousness -
A peripheral mix of Chaos and disillusionment. 


I feel so oversimplified –
I am much more complex than human rationality can explain.
My nature is unbounded but remains locked within a societal boundary.
I am a prisoner in a house with many windows –
I can see the environment outside of my rational bounds,
But I cannot go out and investigate its complexity. 
The bounds suffocate my curiosity.
Locked and inescapable,
I hopelessly wish to escape;
My soul emits a bifurcated anthem for liberty. 
I can explore what is in my system,
But it seems like all I want to do is to go into the surrounding anarchy.
I thus seek an unbounded simultaneity,
A complexity within the simplicity of my existence.


I see a foundational error in reasoning –
I have explored my house extensively to find meaning;
The source of my essence, a beginning. 
From one domain thousands of others have been based. 
This one basis has been used for all constructed human understanding,
Yet an infinite number of alternative bases may exist.
I seek a more encompassing explanation for the existence;
I must transcend this sole domain to find this explanation.
Though it may be reliable,
I must build new foundations to prove the falsity of the domain;
A sole foundational domain is not universal but limited.
If one domain for existence exists,
Then thousands of others must exist as well in theory.
A new definition of infinite existence must therefore be constructed
To universalize the meaning I wish to define. 
I am a limited entity,
Yet there remains an unbounded system around me,
And this unbounded fluidity needs to take some form.
The unbounded fluidity is proof for multiple separable foundational domains,
Each with their own house-based subdomains,
Each with their own subjectively true physical parameters.
Yet society calls these ‘physical parameters’ in the sole house ‘objectivity’
Despite the existence of other uninhabited houses outside the physical boundaries.
Imagination and creativity are thus defined as the ‘irrational.’
Mathematics and ‘objectivity’ are defined as the ‘rational.’
And bounded creativity is that which produces progress in our system. 
Yet all of this objectivity may in reality just be a sub-objectivity in universal existence,
From which a more foundational law may be based.
‘A Theory of Everything’ is that which has been searched for by the Deep Minds,
But because they cannot grapple the correct orientation of traction into the unknown,
They cannot form this universal law.
They cannot get outside of the house and go into the other houses for fear of being irrational.
Our objectivity remains objectivity because the subjectivity of other houses cannot be proven.
Existence seems so relativistic yet simultaneously rigid because of this unverifiable curiosity.
I am locked in a state of curious non-verifiability,
And observe a seemingly perpetual stagnated tension. 
Iteration and an open mind is all that I can embrace to get closer to the unknown,
And then perhaps I may find some data from which to base a new subjective reality.


I seek transcendence – 
The finitude within my own house is vigorously palpable,
And the definition of the laws and standards within my house seem contrary to my existence.
Emotions, sexual elicitations, and novel human-human interactions distract me;
Rationality is maintained only from close avoidance from these distractions.
I am not a self-sufficient human being capable of living by my desires,
But a being inside a Kierkegaard-like and relativistic domain.
Technology will soon replace my purpose in this world.
I could live up to societal expectations more if I could just deposit my consciousness into a robot -
A complete extrication from emotions and unpredictability.
My biological incapacities are becoming more decipherable, 
So a new definition for existence should be formed. 
I wish to form a new basis, a new boundary, a new identity.
Yet the limiting factor is ethically based – 
What in existence is valuable and should be absolutely preserved?
What in existence should be absolutely removed?
Existence should be optimized to be adaptable,
Plasticity can tune the organism to the circumstance.
And optimization may be able to be achieved to reduce organism-surrounding tension.


An infinitely expanding meaning tonality is what I seek,
Yet a convergent meaning tonality seems to be what I can achieve. 
In stagnant confusion I will remain,
With bursts of ephemeral alternative meaning generated 
During the periods of introspective solitude. 
Only then can I see the unbounded confusion in the distance begin to take form.
The alternative reality and purpose which I wish to define will come,
And I will wait for it to actualize within me through patient iteration.  
















Baseline Normalization43
Everything around me seems to be an approximate reality;
My perception is altered by preconceived notions of normalcy. 
I walk into a store and feel “comfortable” - 
Bottles, cans, people, food, toiletries, etc.
I don’t sit and wonder, “what are these things?”
My childhood inclination-based curiosity has faded,
While a human tendency-based trend acceptance has emerged.


I ask myself every morning,
“Why does the world operate the way it does?” 
I wake up asking, 
“What is this shower?
This toothbrush?...
And this common item?”


The object of the cultivated philosopher
Is to be immersed in foreign territory.
The moment a context becomes foreign,
I am forced to apply some effort to learn its mechanism and function.
Through iteration, these humanlike approximations for 
Reality become life-themes,
Subapproximate and baseline normalizations.
Reality thus seems to be an integration of past personal experiences.


But what if reality was a simultaneous, real-time 
Integration of an infinite number of points in space and time?
A limitless perception,
A complete understanding of all that is going on around me.
This schema is that which I seek – computerized autonomy.
Nonconformity is thus my new normalized basis. 


I sometimes wonder why more people do not resort to the
Childlike curiosity for all that exists around us.
Life is embedded with incredible complexity; 
The freethinking mind conjured infinite ways to orient this complexity…
Life is a purpose to make complexity transform
Into a universal intelligibility.
Life is the unifying force of all of mankind and Nature;
Yet we delimit life by our approximate subjective realities.


The baseline normalizations from which we perceive reality 
Are the forces that restrain meaningful passions.
They are toxic assets to childlike scrutiny - mystery.
All self-knowledge stems from curiosity,
So why devalue it with a trend-accepting perspective?


The word “opinion” should not exist.
“Opinions” are just one subset of baseline normalizations.
To opine is to guess rationally,
To dislike is to subjectively distort…
Accept what is for what it is and 
What is not for what is not,
And then tranquil curiosity should penetrate the Soul. 
Curiosity then can expand ‘what is’ from hypothesis-based experimentation.


Think of the baselines that exist in culture:
Mathematics – formalized proofs.
Cultural tastes – music, clothing, video games, user demands, etc.
Philosophical knowledge – religious structures, epistemology, metaphysics, ethics.
Science – biology, chemistry, physics, and interdisciplinary overlapping regions in between.
Business – business plans, entrepreneurship, value definitions.
Research – all areas of education.


Baselines are thus the polarizations in our world.
Why embrace such polarization and individuality?
For to say innately inside,
“I like this particular type of music..”
Is equivalent to:
“This music is better than those which I dislike…”
Which is still equivalent to:
“I prefer this music above others in a similar genre…”
But understanding and taste of music is subjective in nature,
And creates polarization within the fabric of humanity.
The question should instead be, “why do I like what I like…”
So that you can come to understand your multi-aspectual consciousness
And adapt the context to your desires. 


The cultivated philosopher quickly realizes
All that is not immediately explicable has no foundational baseline.
The definition of Consciousness,
The definition of the Soul,
The definition of the Mind and Body,
The search for the truthfulness of Religious Doctrine…
No foundation has been established on these matters.
What better way to answer these complexities 
Than to train yourself in rooted non-foundational baselines?
Be a trained foundation-creator who values simplicity,
And you can possess the capacity to lay the foundations to address complexity.


Forming subjective foundations often plagiarize
The foundations of past philosophers.
Our legal structure is based upon Plato’s Republic; 
Mormonism is strongly overlapping with Christianity;
Christianity is strongly overlapping with Pagan Tradition;
Linnaeus’s modern system of taxonomy came from Aristotle’s scalae naturae;
Descartes drew conclusions about the mind and soul from his philosophical upbringing;
Newton and Leibniz borrowed much from the Greeks and Babylonians as to the definition of space and time…
The list goes on…
From these complex foundations,
We have taken one path in humankind.
However – in theory - infinitely more paths can be constructed from these foundations. 
Why are these foundations used continually?
It seems as if these foundations have produced statistically-significant and reliable results,
And have created an induced climate of objectivity or latent subjectivity,
Enabling for the extractions of laws and axioms from which the future can be predicted.
We should thus heed these keen minds while giving credit where it is due,
But simultaneously double-check these foundations to spot gaps in information and causality errors.
For it seems everything is an estimate, 
And these foundations can be improved and optimized in the future…


It takes a keen mind to spot foundational inconsistencies in the established baseline normalcies. 
The deep philosopher uncovers four layers of questioning:
“What is this object?”
Then the next layer of questioning:
“How does this object operate?”
Then a next layer, 
“How does each part compose the whole, and
How does the system relate to the surroundings?”
And then a final layer of questioning,
“Is this the most efficient system constructed 
For the object’s purpose, and if not, what are some alternatives?”


The proletariat seeks and asks only the first layer of questioning,
While accepting the deep speculations of others on the other three layers.
Proletariat 2.0 similarly asks to the second layer.
Philosopher 1.0 asks to the third layer,
And philosopher 2.0 asks to the fourth layer –
The deepest layer of them all.


This sense of stagnated conformity 
Is a perturbation to the progress of humanity.
It is important to realize that absolute solutions do not exist;
Only iterative, more approximate solutions can exist,
So we need the cultivated philosopher to continually ask 
Philosopher 2.0 questions to reevaluate the systems that exist in our society.
All systems are imperfect,
But the proletariat perception of absolutism in societal structures is
What causes the defective foundations from which all errors occur.
Thus “baseline normalcy” is the same as “proletariat apathy,”
And to change this imperfection to less imperfection,
Society continues to remain on foundations outsourced to only a few keen minds.


Outsourced foundations thus cause corruption and manipulation within our society.
The absolute existence of laws, theories, 
If not objectively-founded (as in mathematics),
Can induce proletariat belief-delusions –
Falsehood, lies, and conformist cultural trends – 
To benefit the interests of the Elite.
Therefore, our society should instead be trained to be 
Foundation builders instead of foundation acceptors…
All of existence is based upon relative foundations
That can only be more linearly approximated due to 
Iterative scrutiny and careful thought-tracking.


So how should we proceed?
When I again walk into a store,
I ask myself,
“What is this product, and how did it get here?”
“How does this product operate?”
“How does each part compose the whole, and how does this product relate to the surroundings?”
Is this system the best approximation for the object’s purpose, and if not, what is a better solution?”

Even for the simplest prototypes,
We need the effort of all of humankind.
Let’s go in the direction of a critical foundation-forming Culture
Instead of a complacent foundation-accepting culture.
We will need it in the years ahead...














































































Disillusioned Pride44
I feel so disillusioned - 
The context around me seems so deleterious. 
Once I felt like I belonged in this world,
But now I feel as a resultant from a section of the world’s substructure. 
I am not individualistic and autonomous;
My agency is not a result of my own inner volitions;
My capacities and passions are not defined by transcendent and liberated wants -
I am instead a representative entity dominated by the context in which I am placed. 
My unconscious desires become conscious desires through latent convictions and context-dependencies;
My emotionally and sexually repressed thoughts stream into my conscious thought.
In reality, I feel like I have no control.
I can only control what context I am in,
And this realization in turn controls all my self-motivation.  
By selectively choosing which contexts I am placed in,
I can artificially select to be a context-controlled agent. 


I now feel like I am only capable to evaluate myself. 
The deeper I examine my routine activities, the more in depth I see how little control I have over myself. 
Neural patterns are only partially under conscious control;
The majority of my thought patterns are from parallel unconscious integrations –
I feel like I am only able to control the top of the iceberg, 
While the majority of the control iceberg is positioned underneath the water.  
Control seems to only rest in the context in which I am placed.
I associate a cause with an effect, 
And then correlation becomes causation;
A broader definition of a stimulus generalizes into a web of untested laws,
And this pathway iterates to generate an interconnected Subjective Agency.  
Likes and dislikes and apathies result from this stimulus-based consciousness,
Though each assimilated like or aversion is formed through incomplete and inefficient introspection.
My perceptive tendencies are thus an incomplete canvas of the world,
And it does not match up with the way objective reality actually works.


My desires seem too contextually-regulated:


“Why do I like this?”
I like this concept because the events in my past – memories and contexts –
Caused this stimulus to benefit me in some way.


“Why do I dislike this?”
I dislike this concept because the events in my past – memories and contexts –
Caused this stimulus to hurt me in some way. 


“Why do I not care about this?”
I do not care about this because the events in my past – memories and contexts – 
Indicate that this stimulus does not hurt or benefit me in some way. 


“Why do I believe in this thought?”
It seems like I mix a thought in with the set of thoughts that I have found to be true in a particular circumstance, as to build domains and subdomains upon the causality of events. I believe a thought to be true if the causality can be reliably (90% of time) be reproduced given a certain set of input circumstances. If too much variability exists with the result of the thought, then I try to discard it because the validity of the thoughts remains uncertain.  


Why do people get defensive as to why they like and/or dislike something?
I find great utility in questioning my passions.
By zealously seeking deep conversation with others, 
I can accentuate the discontinuities in the logical justification of my worldview,
And my worldview can make iterative improvements.  
A question is a great screening tool for aberrant and harmful thoughts;
I thus search for toxic thoughts and remove them through the questioning mechanism.
Utility is gained from thoughts that are universally beneficial to my existence,
While disutility results from thoughts that are universally harmful to my existence. 
I was once an existentialist rooted in deluded context-dependent passions,
But now I am a fine-tuned utilitarian pragmatist.
I now define my likes and dislikes into contextual universalities,
I now possess a robot-like determination to perform an activity. 
After asking why I like or dislike an activity, 
I search for how reliably an activity can be performed – project feasibility.
Mathematically, I go about my daily schedule;
I must optimize my personal list of activities to maximize utility. 
Subjective likes and dislikes seem to distort my motivation;
Objective consistency is what seems to form my motivation. 
The moment subjective consciousness interferes with moral consistency,
I feel like all control is lost.
Subjective impulses thus seem to destroy all control.
Weak minds are defensive and bar all questions,
And cultural rigidity plagues all learning. 
Strong minds are humble and meticulously log the purpose behind a thought formation,
And cultural plasticity facilitates learning of new inputs. 
Reactionary control is the entity which I seek,
But human context fluctuations dilute this robust desire. 


With this insight, I am prideful.
I see myself as an agent that has accomplished something – knowledge of self-control.
I look at myself in an idealistic way,
Striving to transcend this limitation through context control mechanisms.
My friends do not know how toxic they can be to my inner volitions - 
I try to control a context;
However, people seem to purposefully interfere with it. 
Society seems to embrace a schadenfreude at my self-destruction;
They try to control me by disturbing my context.
I seek a motive, 
They come in and disturb its implementation. 
Though disturbed, I remain quiet and contemplative,
And seek alternatives to achieve the same result via a different non-human pathway.
Afraid of how others may interpret my views,
I keep them hidden from the world.
Other people attack me when I describe how they disturb my seclusion;
In frenzied introspection, I hear the echoed redundancies of society: 
“That’s crazy!”; “You are odd”; “I’m not going to listen to you because you are just a contrarian…”; 
All I see is the arrogant insensitivity which surrounds me…


No one will listen,
They will only talk and attack other people for attempting to retain some consistency in life. 
People are just an inchoate threat to my existence.
Emotional and social identity is too overvalued –
It seems to only add more disruption to my life.
My pride thus becomes latently liberated;
I should share my ideas only after they achieve universal application.
For I realize incomplete and subjective foundations are a human tendency;
My peripheral consciousness is innately flawed by contextual thought inclinations.
Thus laws of the Universe seem contrary to my Understanding of the World,
Yet my system sprouts from their foundation. 
I find solace in finding the mechanism of arrogance within other individuals that attack me;
I can gain avoidance-based knowledge from the flaws of others:
“To be a liberated man is to be a nonconformist.” 
“To be an enslaved man is to be a conformist.” 


Only through existence can I understand. 
Only through artificial selection of contexts can I have some degree of control. 
Only through careful examination of human behavior can I find flaws,
And only through calibration of human-context interactions can I regulate my own sovereignty.  
































































Alignment45
I feel overcommitted – 
So empty, de-motivated, trapped, and dichotomous. 
One moment I am energized by a thought; 
The next moment I despise the thought’s existence.
I wish to know the intermediate moment between the two,
So I can determine the marginal energy capacity of my thoughts.
But the boundary of intermediacy is fluid.
Once one boundary of the thought is set,
Thousands of others are formed.
The want is but an unrealistic ideal – impossible.


I seek to align my ideas with my actions.
To have a cultivated action-passion is true happiness.
To have a discerned reaction-passion is unhappiness.
But life is an admixture of both of these elements,
So you must have an extemporaneous intuition as to 
Which life passion is most actionable. 


Think of a power of a belief-action alignment tool –
A tool that notifies you to align thoughts with actions.
A tool that will maximize passion and minimize pain.
A tool that can gauge the adequacy of a sexual partner. 
A tool that can monitor your overall health based upon your daily routine.
A tool that thus optimizes all measureable parameters. 
A tool that takes out time to fix unpredictable elements.
…it seems like such a Tool is juxtaposed next to Einstein’s theory of Everything,
A god-like moral fiber with an unadulterated consistency.


But does such a tool exist?


Life is about perspective-based logic.
Emotions distort optimization;
They plague keen minds with biased arguments.
Confusion is eliminated with emotional-sexual deletion. 


What are the implications of such a tool?
By recognizing the human frame as a system,
One objectifies their existence. 
I therefore recognize that I don’t possess agency but “existence.” 


I ask, therefore, “how can I optimize my existence?” 
My existence is not defined by my speculations,
But by objective criteria that have measurable inputs. 


The skeptic quickly grabs onto common arguments….

A Temporal exclusivity may exist within the tool.
The tool may only be valid within a certain period of time,
And in future time intervals, inaccuracies arise in the prediction.
Chaos thus becomes a new life philosophy,
And something once useful now becomes deleterious.
Therefore, the tool must be time-independent.


Broadened foibles may be induced by adaptability of this tool.
One might refine the tools with observable correlations,
But the correlations themselves may not induce causation.
Overgeneralization may cause great error in the alignment,
Actually augmenting misalignment between thoughts and actions.
Therefore, careful regulatory measures must be innate within the tool itself.


Instantaneous patronizing may result from this tool.
If the tool is always right, 
Human instincts may be wrong.  
The tool gives you a compass from which to base your actions to transcend impulsivity,
But you still possess the ability to heed the advice of the tool.
Arrogant ethnocentrism may cause you to deny the tool’s usefulness,
But nonetheless happiness seems to be decreased by ignoring the tool.
Determined prejudice against the tool only causes more tension. 
The tool thus must be culturally-independent and malleable,
Personalizable to the extent that all cultures can accept its existence. 
The tool can thus mold to different identities. 


Let us remember that we still control the tool,
But the tools we create can only augment our existence.
When the tools outcompete us,
It is time for our human physiology to change.
We must then compete with the tools for freedom and autonomy,
Or integrate with them altogether. 






















































Part III: Late College Poetry




Context: During this phase of my life I become acutely aware about my wants and desires (e.g. write philosophy/compose music) and what stops me from achieving my wants and desires (financial system, educational system, powerful people/politics, etc.). I sort of embrace a pseudo anarchistic desire for illimitable freedom to express myself to the world without any sort of conflict or need to adapt my mind to some sort of incentive system. I cannot achieve this desire, so I become re-disillusioned in the world by looking at the cause of my behavior over the past 20 years. In retrospect, my life seems to be just a constant struggle between my own Will to Power and becoming manipulated by other peoples’ Wills. I view life much more skeptically. I place much less trust on what people describe as reality and more trust in my ability to question reality. I develop a very acute awareness of what motivates me and generalize a theory as to what motivates other human entities. I begin writing my philosophical book (An Introduction to Secular Humanist Utilitarianism), and express many of the ideas from this book into my poetry. Poetry becomes a kind of the back-and-forth, ping-pong creativity which motivates me to further pursue writing my philosophy (philosophy-poetry-philosophy-poetry, etc.).  After I finish writing my book in philosophy, I sort of become static in writing poetry and feel as though I should move onto a new form of poetic expression (crowdsourced poetry). At the end of this phase of my life, I become less questioning and more reflective in nature. I feel more stable in my worldview and more generally contented with my belief structure. Unlike the previous two year, I do not feel shame in having nontraditional beliefs with little or no community structure. In the end, I embrace a transcendental faith to build a community structure to scaffold and spread my Secular Humanist Utilitarian beliefs. 










Wants vs. Needs vs. Impulses46
The natural human life cycle is one of addiction.
In one moment there is noticeable monotony, 
But in the next something interestingly plastic emerges.
I have a propensity to continually repeat stimuli which output utility.
I become attached to a utility foundation,
And my mind is laser-focused on a trance-like punctuated affinity.
When I see something that elicits curiosity within me,
I immediately become connected with the stimulus.


Affinities seem to converge to a point from which I derive meaning. 
Context addictions seem to provide my source of meaning,
A reallocated culture based upon input cues,
Like a turbocharged engine that constantly resupplies energy upon operation. 
Desires are consequently generated from punctuated affinities,
Relativistic entities fused by micro-environmental corroboration. 
The interest can quickly become addictive and induce impulsivity,
Or it can become a de-magnified priority and fade away.
Put all of my worldly experiences and attachments into a box,
And you have my Soul and Defined Freedom.


Context addictions seem to be sub-classified as needs and wants.
Wants are encoded directly from emotional and sexual inclinations. 
Needs are induced independently from emotional and sexual inclinations.
Impulsivity seems to arise when wants are transformed into the need sphere,
The time point when wants become necessities for existence.


Wants.
Musical Tastes tend to alternate based upon mood and context.
Intellectual curiosity seems dulled after a certain point of deepness.
Relationships tend to fluctuate based upon emotional-sexual attraction.
Actions oftentimes align with consequences that may result from actions. 
The list goes on…
All that I want seems to be context-dependent.
Given a certain context,
I want to act in a certain way to produce a set of consequences. 
The over-arching interconnectivity of ‘wanted’ consequences is the utility entity.
All my wants seem to be derived based on the augmentation of utility,
Or the reduction of the opposite utility entity. 


Needs.
Sexual impulses come and go once satisfied.
Hunger comes and goes once satisfied.
Sleep is no longer necessary after a certain threshold.
Perception seems to be habituated after a repeated neuronal firing pattern.
The list goes on…
All that is in excess within the human condition seems to lower with time.
All that is lacking within the human condition seems to increase with time. 
And the self-correcting force is an unconscious one,
A behind-the-scenes balance-inducer. 


The Impulsive Want.
I want a relationship to last forever because I am in love. 
(Love becomes a necessity for existence).
I want to play this video game forever because I excessively value it. 
(Video game playing becomes a short-term necessity for existence).
I want to take this drug for a long period of time because I escape and feel good when I take it. 
(Drugs become a short-term necessity for existence). 
The list goes on…
Impulsive wants should be approached and heeded with caution. 
The more impulsive I become, 
The more meaning I seem to place within environmental attachment. 
For when one want becomes impulsive,
Detachment and Understanding of the World seems inhibited.
Impulsive wants distort the meaning of existence into an artificial plane of Needs,
Which no longer fulfill the classical definition of the human condition. 
The human condition now is adulterated and hard-to-fix.
If ever an impulsive want should exist within me, 
I would hope for it to be:


“I want to be in solitude forever because I need to understand the world. “
(Solitude becomes a necessity for existence). 


The problem arises from a fluid-like definition for human identity -
Never will I understand my inner identity through an instantaneously mutated context.
Solitude is necessary for me to understand the inner workings of my Mind.
For I can find my Derived Meaning in a black box-like static,
But I can only find obsolete Meanings in changeable contexts.  
My wants are derived from my contexts, 
And if I eliminate a context,
I extract derived meaning from the most recent context to which I was exposed.
But if my context changes while I attempt to identify meaning,
My foundation to understand my soul continuously changes with time,
And I only come out with a distorted perception of my Purposes and Motivations.


If my wants and desires are based solely on the contexts to which I am exposed,
How much freedom and free will do I truly have?
Free will seems to be only derived in my ability to manipulate my context.
Detachment seems to be the only way to regulate context manipulation.
Context Manipulation + Detachment = Freedom.
Therefore, genuine freedom seems to be only derived from
Solitude (detachment) and mathematical knowledge (context manipulation). 
Impulsivity and context complacency seem to contrastingly decrease freedom,
And the harder it is for me to derive any supply of a freedom-based quantity. 
Context Complacency + Impulsive Attachment = Slavery.


It almost seems like these punctuated affinities are in constant tension with rooted belief foundations.
Affinities induce impulsivity in decision-making.
For one moment in total detachment I am objective and freethinking;
The next I am in an attached subjective disunity and bias.
Through subjectively attached impulses,
I am a distorted entity and lose autonomy.
Through objectively detached moralities,
I am a consistent entity and actualize my autonomy.  
I periodically examine life from a [Manifest Destiny]-like perspective
“There is an infinite array of things for me to explore,” I tell myself.
But soon I get locked inside one box, 
An addict bounded in a cube-like existence,
In isolation from the rest of the world.
The climax of one idea becomes a boundary from which to base others,
And I shift into [Frontier Thesis]-like pessimism:
“The domain of exploration has climaxed and is limited.”


The theme of freedom is built from context manipulation.
The pillars of freedom rest in the ability to question the world through experimentation and inquiry.
Freedom lies within the ability to question and answer those questions,
Not in the ability to accept the answers of others extemporaneously or historically. 


I believe there is a meaningful source to question physical limitations and conformities.
Questioning and Solitude are the only true ways I can express personal freedom.  
For if a new physical basis for my existence could be generated,
Then a limitless wonder permeates throughout my existence. 
If a new political system can be constructed,
Why not offer and propose it?
For if physical laws are questioned and are found to be incomplete,
A more comprehensive explanation for causation may be proposed.
If one idea has become so locked and fundamental, 
How limited I must be to explore the world!
For these physical laws and absolutisms define my existence,
I find myself to be either in error or in irrelevant speculation.
Should I then regard these physical boundaries and absolutisms?


I think the knowledge we have of the world is still very primitive.
These punctuated affinities emerge due to a problem filter.
Our society as a whole has become impulsive ‘want-entities’ of physical or absolute explanations.
I find one problem in the world,
Then I oftentimes address it from a single-input speculative perspective.
But this problem is often multi-encompassing,
And my proposed simplified reality is actually a multi-input/output reality.
I find humans tend to oversimplify and over-generalize the scope of worldly phenomena.
Human Nature itself has a really hard time grasping simplicity in incredibly complex phenomena.


So there is a continuous problem between wants, needs, and impulses.
Let each remain in their proper domain.
When impulses become needs,
The human condition is tampered with in an unsustainable way.


My one transcendent want is to have a context-independent existence. 
To create without the limit of human fallibility and language barriers.
To communicate what I create in a language that is objective and true.
To challenge existing ideas through objective inquiry. 
To have an extended and unconquerable freedom.
It is only through solitude and experimentation
That I can reach an equilibrium-like understanding of my Soul.


Stoicism47
The human condition seems to encompass fascicular comorbidities -
Parallel problems that are deleterious to my existence.  
Yet simultaneously the human condition encompasses interwoven passions –
Interconnected interests that are beneficial to my existence. 
The instantaneous human condition seems to be derived from chronic battle between these forces.
Happiness and unhappiness appear to stem from these entities -
Directionality toward interwoven passion elicits happiness,
While directionality toward fascicular comorbidities elicits unhappiness –
And the fragile balance between these latent forces can dramatically influence my behavior.


The optimist proceeds in the direction of foreseen interwoven passion,
And believes happiness-positive future arises from the conditions of the present.


“All at once there stirred within his soul such a wholly unexpected medley of youthful hopes and ideas, running counter to the whole tenor of his life… feeling incapable of seeing clearly into his own state of mind.”- Tolstoy – War and Peace - Page 385


The pessimist proceeds in the direction of foreseen fascicular comorbidities, 
And believes a happiness-negative future arises from the conditions of the present.


“…but a storm has but to arise to set the sea heaving and the ship tossing upon it, and such error becomes at once possible. The ship goes on its vast course unchecked, the pole fails to reach the moving vessel, and the pilot, from being the master, the source of power, finds himself a helpless, weak and useless person.”- Tolstoy -  War and Peace - Page 810


Or a stoic observer encompasses balance in fascicular comorbidities and interwoven passion,
And experiences an existential stagnation from the conditions from the present. 


“Of whatever he began thinking he came back to the same questions, which he could not answer, and from which he could not escape. It was as though the chief screw in his brain upon which his whole life rested were loose. The screw moved no forwarder no backwarder, but still it turned, catching onto nothing, always in the same groove, and there was no making it cease turning. “– Tolstoy – War and Peace - Page 315


The stoic vs. the optimist vs. the pessimist –
All have sources from the same two extensive variables. 


Changes in net happiness over time reveal a constant flux between these entities.
One day I could be an optimist,
While the next a stoic or a pessimist.
The flux seems to be derived from my environment.
For if I experience success one day,
I am more prone to be eager for future events and partake in riskier behavior.
If I experience failure in one day,
I am more prone to be unenthusiastic for future events and partake in conservative behavior.
But if I experience failure and success simultaneously,
I have a more realistic and objective canvas of the world. 
Less flux in happiness emerges from a strong mind in a morally-consistent philosophy. 




The optimal balance between these quantities seems to be the stoic quantity,
An equilibrium and synchrony between problem and passion.
When the problem quantity aligns with the passion quantity, 
Happiness does not seem to in excess,
Unhappiness does not seem to be in excess,
But neutrality and justice seems to be created within the human condition.
Passion seems to neutralize and perfectly counteract the negative aspects of existence,
While new problems seem to be accommodated with augmented passions.
This is the balance which I seek –
A steady-state condition between fascicular comorbidities and interwoven passions.


I thus wish to be a stoic in an unperturbed existence,
A Dostoevsky-like free entity in self-denial with transparent passions and problems.
I desire to avoid excesses and misconceptions of the happiness entity.
I wish to actualize the Tolstoy-like definition realist clarity,
And deviate from white light of which I cannot derive the source:


“…from the height of this vision everything that had once been occupied by him seemed suddenly illumined by a cold, white light, without shade, without perspective or outline. His whole life to him seemed like a magic lantern, at which he had been looking through the glass and by artificial light. Now he saw suddenly without the glass, in the clear light of day, those badly daubed pictures.” – Tolstoy - War and Peace - Page 400


"Very different is the monastic way. Obedience, fasting, and prayer are laughed at, yet they alone constitute the way to real and true freedom: I cut away my superfluous and unnecessary needs, through obedience I humble and chasten my vain and proud will, and thereby… attain freedom of spirit!" – Dostoevsky – The Brother’s Karamazov


One may ask, “If I eliminate fascicular comorbidities, can I receive sustainable pure happiness?”
Chronic pure happiness does not seem to exist. 
Pure happiness can only be experienced through complete detachment from the human condition,
Or in impulsive-like bursts of creative passion.
The questioning philosopher is left with a steady-state definition of happiness.
I do not wish for happiness in excess,
But I wish for happiness to align with that which I expect I receive. 
I wish for predictive capacity in this mysterious entity,
So I can direct my career in a sustainable way:


“All the strivings toward positive happiness that are innate in us were only given us for our torment. But Pierre recognized the truth of the main idea with no such undercurrent of feeling. The absence of suffering, the satisfaction of needs, and following upon that, freedom in the choice of occupation, that is, of one’s manner of life, is the highest and most certain happiness in man.” – Tolstoy - War and Peace - Page 922


I am currently in a state of pessimism,
And I wish to get back to steady-state stoicism.
I experience anxiety in simple activities,
Yet hard activities seem easy because I am interested in them. 
Problems are mounting and accumulating,
Inducing an anti-happiness pessimism into my worldview. 
School seems to suck all interest I have in learning;
I wish for a teacher-independent knowledge of the world -
Yet I still embrace the words of a Wise Philosopher:


“Don’t Let one teacher ruin your interest in a subject… don’t give them that liberty. The subject is more wide-ranging than one class.”


Overlapping problems have created a diagnostic complexity. 
So many things are going on that I lack the ability to find the source of problems.
I seek to transmit transparency of meaning to the world,
And part of this transparency arises from my flaws. 
My problems seem to have evolved into interconnected fascicles –
I tend to procrastinate and put off activities to a later time.
I tend to have difficulty in planning and maintaining events without other people.
I tend to avoid problems to which I have no direct solution and procrastinate addressing them.
I tend to hold extreme beliefs in order to test their influence on the human condition.
I tend to be stubborn and justify my behavior so I can spot and fix the root of false belief. 
I tend to be emotionally disconnected from both people and 
I tend to be irascible when I am in deep thought and contemplation. 
I tend to complain about things that I feel like are unjust and non-symmetrical. 


I question myself, “Are these problems self-caused or a result from the environment?”
I oftentimes conclude the result of society, 
But sometimes I conclude the problems are a result of me.
Procrastination problems are both environmentally and self-caused.
Planning problems are mostly self-caused. 
Avoidance problems are mostly environmentally-caused. 
Extreme beliefs are self-caused due to experimentation.
Stubbornness problems are self-caused in order to understand the source of my own errors.
Emotional disconnections are self-caused from my own worldview.
Irascibility is caused from the environment.
Complaining about things is caused from injustices in the environment. 


Introspection can only identify problems,
But not necessarily fix them.
I think it is best to find an ignition source to return to steady-state,
An ignited passion to counteract all of these problems. 
For I currently seem passionless,
And allow for these problems to accumulate in quantity.
But if I have more interwoven passions,
I could in theory return to the steady-steady stoicism which I desire,
And be in accord with justice within the bounded human condition.


I thus seek to distill new passions in my life through intellectual exploration, 
And return to a filtered and steady-state stoicism. 
Only then will I return to a stable and predictable existential order.   














Relativity48
Life seems to be composed of implicit relativistic disorder.
Most statements are assumed to be known implicitly,
Yet these statements are simultaneously misunderstood. 
Introspection involves internally-projected thoughts to other people,
While extrospection involves thought absorption from other people. 
Disorder arises when the implicit assumption is incorrect – 
Introspection is malaligned with extrospection,
And contradictions sprout from false conceptions of the world.


It is clear that relative assumptions are inbuilt into human nature.


Temporal relatives:
The car is moving fast.
The girl is eating dinner slowly.


Spatial relatives:
The cat is little.
The building is gigantic.


Emotional relatives:
I am irritated by the noise.
I am sad and angry.


Sexual relatives:
I am attracted to ‘Susan.’
She is ‘nice.’


Personal relatives:
I am interested in ‘Coldplay’s’ latest album.
I am fascinated with quantum mechanics.


Other relatives: 
I exist in space. 
I communicate with another person. 


All of these statements are value-deplete and are shrouded in ambiguity.
A relative assumption is made without any explicit external standard from which to base the degree of a quality.
Standard conceptual bases (i.e. the concept ‘fast’) are context-derived and individual-variable.
General truths are thus needed to guide the way toward objective clarity.


“Things are said to be named ‘equivocally’ when, though they have a common name, the definition corresponding with the same differs for each. Thus, a real man and a figure in a picture can both lay the claim to the name ‘animal’; yet these are equivocally so names, for, though they have a common name, the definition corresponding to the name differs for each. For should anyone define in what sense each is animal, his definition in the one case will be appropriate to that case only.” – Aristotle Categoriae


Human language systems thus induce erroneous use of implicit assumptions.
Only mathematical minds and philosophers use specific language – 
They speak and write in terms ‘univocal’ and self-evident to all of Mankind. 
They capture the intermediate nature of human understanding, 
Not the absolute nature of assumed existence. 


I exist, but ‘relative’ to what?
The car is moving fast, but ‘relative’ to what?
The cat is little, but ‘relative’ to who or what?
I am sad, but ‘relative’ to what physical entity?
I am attracted to Susan, but ‘relative’ to whom or what?
I am fascinated with quantum theory, but ‘relative’ to what?
The list goes on ad infinitum. 


Mathematical tools arose from human intellect to answer the ‘relative to what?’
The ‘number’ concept critiqued ‘language’ as the means to communicate.
Numbers, if expressed properly, provide the only relative truths of language.
The ‘extent’ of a ‘qualia’ can thus only be expressed through the concept ‘number.’


Though number has been deeply contemplated throughout history,
Mathematical foundations still cannot perfectly answer fundamental relatives of human existence:


I exist ‘relative’ to Nature and the Universe.
The cat is little ‘relative’ to other cats of the same species.
I am sad ‘relative’ to other emotional states I have had in the past 30 days.
I am attracted to Susan ‘relative’ to other women I have talked to recently.
I am fascinated with quantum theory ‘relative’ to other classes I am taking during this semester.


New definitions must now be created for these terms.
These definitions are of extreme importance to the human species.
A hybrid number-language revolution must now occur,
Explicitly stating relatives used in language modalities.
Philosophical inquiry is thus fundamentally important,
Not only for thought-aligned projections with other people,
But for actualization of existence itself.
I would prefer my thoughts being uploaded to another person perfectly.
I abhor the deluded and approximate paradigm for communication today.
This shift would eliminate local persecution and misunderstanding,
And peace would finally become permissible throughout the world.


I thus seek equilibrium,
A state filled with detached transcendence and thought uploading capability. 
I seek a pure cross-spectrum mathematical understanding and happiness infinite in scale. 
The Spinozean ideal is one which is noble and feasible,
But only the keen philosopher sees the utility to actualize the goal.
I hope the rippled echo of implicit disorder will eventually transform into un-rippled harmony.
I hope to end continuity and push the trajectory toward discrete happiness.
For discrete happiness is my chief aim and life mission,
And I will stop at nothing to fill my own vessel with passion and context-independence.
With this passion, I will develop strategies to end implicit disorder.
I thus wish to eliminate the imperfect systems which penetrate human nature,
And replace them with perfect foundations for stability, freedom, and self-evolution.
I seek a newfound Truth discharge from my own foundational understanding,
And I hope to share it with the rest of the world. 




Abstraction49
I seek the most fundamental pattern recognition system,
An instantaneous logic to generalize causal themes,
An error recognition machine to diagnose my own struggles and problems,
An adaptable instrument to interconnect all forms of my own knowledge –
A consummate theoretical abstraction filter for the world.


I cannot assimilate knowledge until I can micro-abstractedly simulate it in my mind.
A representation of macroscopic 3D space remains ‘partial’ until mirrored on some medium –
Conceptual Sketches, SolidWorks Software, Mathematical Descriptions, etc.
A representation of macroscopic time remains distorted until logged on some external standard –
24 Hours/Day, Sunrise/Sunset, Heartbeat=1sec, Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner, etc.
But further analysis shows fine-grained ‘gaps’ within the macrostructure from which I base reality. 
The representation of micro- space and time remain ‘partial’ until simulated in mathematical reality –
Photosynthesis as a cyclical reaction process, Spherical raindrops as an optimization in surface area,
Time logged on some digital technological platform (e.g. digital clock for femtosecond recording). 


Contemplatively wondering the extent to which I can perceive abstraction,
I ask myself one basic question:


“How foundational must I be to perceive the world accurately?”


The definition of ‘accuracy’ is vague and ambiguous.
Degenerate solutions exist based upon the reference frame.
To be ‘accurate’ is to measure something within a degree range (>90% repeatability).
Therefore, accuracy changes based upon how a human perceives
The degree necessary to be termed ‘accurate.’
Common men seem to term ‘accuracy’ as repeatability within the boundary of subjective life needs. 
To person A, accuracy may be defined as repeatability >60% to ‘get by’,
To person B, the next may be >70%,
To person C, may be >80%...and so on.
Therefore, A, B, and C all fulfill the term for accuracy when observing the same system, 
Each with contradictory views of reality and faulty foundational definitions.
Though this degeneracy exists,
Mathematicians so happen to term ‘accuracy’ as repeatability nearly ‘all’ of the time,
A term for which we substitute ‘objective reality.’ 
Mathematical laws thus allow for the Universal Communication Medium on Earth,
With cross-context harmony and agreement.
When the term ‘accuracy’ is used in unfocused carelessness, 
Faulty forms of human logic emerge – 
Overgeneralization or undergeneralization of an observed event,  
‘Insufficient’ truth abstraction in the macro-world,
Or ‘excessive’ truth abstraction in the macro-world. 
An imaginary quantity is thus induced into the experiential reality system,
Which distorts perception of the world in a way that is harmful to Understanding – 
My beliefs become ‘out of phase’ with Nature and eventually lose extrapolative capacity. 
I thus seek mathematical understanding to eliminate imaginative subjective beliefs
And to pragmatically complement my belief macrostructure with Nature. 
Pure mathematical self-abstraction enables the cross-pollination of all knowledge states,
A complete and essential tool to diagnose the boundary conditions of my own state of knowledge.


But man only knows imperfect and impure causal laws.
We create mathematical truths based on measurement, 
Therefore, our laws are limited by our measuring instruments.
The ‘steps’ we take to measure nature are finite in size.
All terms for ‘accuracy’ are thus impure, even if it is only inaccurate to .000000001%. 
Even mathematical reality seems to have distorted abilities to abstract truth of worldly phenomena.
The abstract capacity of mathematical relations is system-biased.
Science has yet to create one universal law from which all Reality is based.
The formation of a Universal Law is the abstraction that I desire. 
I wish to capture this microstructure –
I desire to develop an even more fundamental theory for existence than mathematics entails.


One may ask, “How are new mathematical laws created?”
It seems like humanity occasionally recognizes a new periodicity in Nature.
Periodicity promotes a simulated truth abstraction –
For one particular observable state of a system is repeated at a future point in time.
Then one may ask:
“How does this repeated state occur?”
And then one proceeds to observe the system thoroughly.
Multiple variables are logged about the system –
Temperature, Pressure, Electromagnetic Interactions, Observable Location, Changes in Time, etc.
Then these variables are screened to see if any has a relation to the observed periodicity.
When the periodicity is determined to be ‘repeatable’ by one of these variables across multiple systems,
We call this relation one that is ‘mathematical.’ 
However, this relation remains ‘partial’ because there may be other variables that influence behavior –
One often assumes a rigid pre-condition to enable simplification.  
Though micro-truths exist, we do not seek to utilize them to see the complete picture.
We approximate macroscopic reality out of convenience and for predictability within a context.
Mathematics is thus used to scope relational value between a variable and the environment - 
A collection of macro-truths that satisfy observation and provide utility in natural application.
It suffices most needs for humanity to reduce worldly tensions through the creation of technology.


However, the all-encompassing relation between variables and the environment remains incomplete.
The most foundational laws humans can perceive are space-time relations. 
What is the limit to human perception of space and time?
We do not seem to be able to observe micro-time or micro-space,
But we now have machinery to do this (computers, microscopes). 
I must thus integrate with technology to perceive the all-encompassing relation.
I cannot define this Universal Law within the traditional realm of human perception,
But through human-technology hybridization and transcendent perception. 
I thus seek a transcendent perception,
One beyond the scope of human perception,
A relayed feedback system for micro-reality.
I seek to develop a system 
To diagnose and spot truths more specific than through the inexact human frame, 
To debug logic errors and enable universal self-sufficiency,
And to formulate a more exact picture Nature. 
I wish to complement nature exactly – 
To reduce all tension in my human system with Nature.
Nature establishes all my boundary conditions, 
And I seek to understand and meet nature at her Boundary –
Nothing more, and nothing less.


This desire for a consummate abstraction remains in the realm of philosophy.
Examination becomes ‘philosophy’ when you get to questions that are assumed unanswerable.
Why assume something that has yet to be explored? 
Human knowledge seems to be quantized yet complementary -
The current foundational knowledge specialties can describe a system from multiple perspectives.
But no one foundational interconnected node has been used to solve any problem,
To answer the ‘cause’ of any observation,
To describe the ‘complete’ state of a system,
To predict the absolute ‘future’ behavior of a system. 
We live in a world of probability,
But relative probability described by imperfect human measuring systems. 
We have yet to explore human-technology perception,
Augmented reality with new mathematical relationships, 
Transcendent biology aligned with Nature. 


How foundational must I go to understand the world?
I believe this question remains ‘untapped’ and open for the world to explore.
The most foundational is the best place to start –
Time-honored mathematical laws on space and time.
Through deduction, one can derive most truths from this foundation. 
But to transcend this limitation means we may determine micro-gaps in knowledge.
To get there, one needs a firm inductive mind and steadfast resilience, 
The optimistic philosopher holds onto an unshakeable belief:
“Technology-human perception may provide infinite observable accuracy.”
I find myself in an enduring struggle to find absolute abstraction of Nature. 
Then and only then will I be capable to eliminate all tension between myself and the environment.  














































Contradiction50
The world is full of contradictions –
Assumed absolutisms that exist on a relative scale:


A religious-less religion.
A purposeless purpose.
An identity-less identity.
A desire-less desire.
A needless need.
An impulsive-less impulse.
An unconscious consciousness.
An error-less error.
A bias-less bias.
A certain uncertainty.
A non-existent existence. 


Contradiction emerges from perceptive imperfections.
Humans have an inescapable tendency for approximation,
Mechanical sensors, visual sensors, tactile sensors, etc. 
We tend to assume equivalence of one identity with another similar identity,
And then re-establish and redefine the definitional identity based upon new personal experiences. 
This approximate reality leads to similar yet ‘different’ definitions for language constructs,
And this multiplexed perception enables for vague conceptual storage of truth:


Something looks ‘white,’ 
But when a whiter shade is presented, you redefine ‘white’ in terms of the newer shade.
The absolute rigidity you place on the ‘white’ entity aligns well with language.
In the circumstance, the color ‘white’ is whitest relative to the extant environment. 
Yet, given another circumstance, ‘white’ may be defined entirely differently – 
A subtle yet significant contradiction in human perception.


Instead, colors can be described with RGB ASCII codes with computers.
One color is not the same as another – 
‘White’ and a ‘white alias’ are thus differentiated from each other. 
In this way, differential knowledge could be thus formulated with incredible precision – 
One circumstance is ‘noticeably’ different from others which exhibit similarity.
Theme extraction from the environment would be so much easier – 
‘Color’ has a more precise definition,
And exhibits a cultural-independency. 


Pure mathematical perception could be used to catalogue system behavior,
But emotion-environment connectivity would be lost.
Emotional and sexual impulses have yet to be properly defined with mathematics. 
These entities are the knowledge-determining steps to produce human contradiction-free consciousness.


What if emotions could be simulated and logged in a machine with indistinguishable precision?
At this point in history, humans will have climaxed tension with technology. 
We would now be able to design systems that can artificially mimic human systems, 
Which simultaneously can perform profitable tasks with more optimal operating conditions.  
We attempt to simulate this hitherto under-defined consciousness with existing technology,
Rather than trying to tweak parameters within the human system. 
Although machine learning may eliminate contradictions within the bounded human condition,
It may also provoke newfound tension at the human-machine interface. 



























































































Defragmentation51
I seek a defragmentation,
A reconfiguration of my ‘chaotic’ thoughts,
A filtered ‘understanding’ of all the ‘misunderstanding,’ 
A deepened introspection amidst the acrimony of modern life,
A genuine solitude amid forced societal assimilation, 
An internal instrument to label the unintelligible,
A predictable system to repair stray thoughts –
A consciousness fixed in the principles of objective reality.


The keen philosopher realizes ‘we can learn a lot about order from disorder.’
When something gets beyond self-understanding, 
I oftentimes wonder:
        “Is it within my capacity to understand this law of Nature?”
A configuration can be either ‘ordered’ or ‘disordered.’
Order occurs within simple repetitions and nested structures. 
Disorder occurs from seeming incompressible/irreducible ‘causes’ and ‘unpredictabilities.’
But I have found that everything has a certain reducible pattern in Nature independent of classification.
The order/disorder may exhibit a temporal dependence –
Tonic (continuous), phasic (pulsed/oscillatory), or fast-spiking (quick). 
The order/disorder may also exhibit a spatial dependence –
Simple repetition or periodicity, nested periodicity, or a random orientation.  
However, for each change in order there is a fundamental ‘program’ which governs the change, 
And each revealed causal algorithm unlocks a Defragmentation Truth.
For the more the philosopher is able to defragment his own life,
The greater autonomy, freedom, and self-reliance he exhibits – 
Freedom is derived from understanding, predicting, and manipulating the environment.
By being a plastic observer of ‘order’ and ‘disorder,’
The keen philosopher constructs useful objective filters and algorithms for the world.
He understands the context dependencies of ‘order’
And finds fundamental explanations for the stimulus of ‘disorder,’
Allowing for greater investigational freedom within his own sphere of existence.
He awaits in calm preparation for the ‘unexpected maladies’ which will occur,
And seeks to  quell ‘high-energy’ transitions. 
He thus maintains an algorithmic homeostasis,
Reforming existence from ‘existence’ to ‘manipulated existence,’
Transcending the proletariat boundary conditions from which he once heeded in childhood,
And thus continually builds unbiased foundations and new definitions for existence.   


I thus seek an objective filter to eliminate fragmented perception.
Though I can only ‘perceive’ fragments,
I can ‘defragment’ fragments to understand the patterns which influence Nature.
Defragmentation is thus a procedure of introspection, extrospection, and internal processing.
It is never finished within the human frame;
The natural system is flawed and is continual disorder,
And it takes a dutiful philosopher to patternize disordered information.
Counterfeit philosophers heed only ordered themes in nature,
Constructing meaning from the obvious forms of repetition –
He thus takes on an ad hoc existence.
True philosophers are able to construct a meaningful representation of Nature in any context;
They live without context boundaries.
The true philosopher may then extend his structure with technology.
He can then unlock a technology-enhanced perception relativistic to all Nature,
Allowing for a near-omnipotent existence.
The true philosopher thus heeds all essences in nature,
An infinitely extended construct of Understanding…


It takes a brave and open mind to harmonize with natural intricacy. 
Until humanity embraces a true philosophy,
Humans will remain as anxious partisans amid the ‘disorders’ of the world.














































































Transition52
I oftentimes feel an immense sovereignty and composure during context transitions.
A unidirectional context can build up divergent attachments – 
One context provides only one initial boundary condition from which I base goals and motivations.
After a certain period of time,
I realize the subjective boundary condition is contradictory to my inner wants and desires.
Within one context, I may exhaust all my motivations and options for ‘success’ or ‘interest,’
And my encircled metrics turn into de-motivational consummations. 
Unidirectional boundaries thus limit the scope my behavioral options,
And after all my achievement options have been exhausted upon reaching the periphery of the boundary, 
I feel an irreversible repugnance for the restricting unidirectional context which I am placed. 
I actualize the boundary and search for a more fundamental significance outside of the boundary,
For within that one context I can derive all the components and network connectivities.
I thus often seek an omni-directional and context-independent boundary condition, 
A freethinking context versatility to enable assimilation of ‘universally-bounded truths,’
A transcendent solution to the societal necessity to assimilate ‘subjectively-bounded certified truths.’
Society thus imposes a potent impairment to appreciate universal principles, 
And veils itself in complex web of ‘rules’ to prevent one’s capability to actualize the social boundary condition. 


Social systems thus often inhibit my inner want to become a theoretical self-learner:


A context-independent freethinker,
A searcher for homeostasis in a context-changing world,
An ephemeral individual amid multi-motivation sources,
A seeker for the fundamental propagation force of all my thoughts.
An identifier of salient worldly features and problems,
A philosopher discerning universal meaning and fulfillment,
And a nonconforming scientist willing to experiment and address bold questions.


My primary goal is to create a correct configuration to understand myself.
It oftentimes is clashing with society to seek ‘the universally-proper configuration.’
The insatiable desire to assimilate universal truth for me is misaligned
With the societal standard to assimilate ‘incomplete’ truths. 
Therefore, I tend to ‘learn from one context’ and ‘evolve to the next.’
I seek to extract some fundamental significance to the context,
And to do this I must be a transitory truth-searcher.
I must find locally-relevant truths that reveal some fundamentally-significant absolutism;
I must extract valuable information while ignoring others within the scope of the universal context.
And when I exhaust all utility within one context boundary,
It becomes a useless source of information and attachment. 
Context boundary conditions thus inhibit my desire for transcendental knowledge. 
I incessantly seek to transition from one boundary to the next, 
Establishing some continuity in the medium of Truth. 


But now I seem to be unable to ‘extract’ the necessary information and ‘move on.’
I am interlocked into this seeming context web of the ‘educational system,’ 
Where I am unable to escape the boundary conditions imposed on me.
I have actualized the boundary of this educational context,
So I wish to move on into a different context to find more fundamental significance.
But the societal structure inhibits this transition idealization from occurring.
Society thus quells the search for universal and fundamental understanding.


Yet society seems to be bounded in contradictory logic.
Society imposes ‘absolute laws’ within a ‘causal relativism.’
A bound lawlessness and anarchy would be better than this political agenda.
I would be able to abound in this context-independent knowledge ideal in an anarchic society.
But for now I must frustratingly heed ‘fixed’ societal boundaries to survive, 
Despite a continuous and transcendental desire for a perpetually-fluid transition across the social boundary. 


























































































Reconstruction53
Humanity is in need of a vital reconstruction,
A modified laissez-faire worldview,
A multi-perspective tolerance,
A broad-spectrum language and logic,
An elimination of proxied information asymmetries,
The destruction of unfiltered questioning modalities,
And the preference for objective ‘optimization’ over opinionated ‘distortion.’ 
In short, humanity needs to converge to universal truth to reduce human tension. 


The current educational paradigm is to ‘repeat the past.’
Teachers advocate repetition:
A student must ‘repeat what works well’…
Or ‘repeat a few algorithms that output a solution to a bounded condition’…
But what happens when there is no algorithmic basis? 
Where is the solution when new foundations must be constructed to address problems?
Where is the solution to the problems that are difficult and nonlinear answer?
Or what even are the questions that may be reasonably asked with existing knowledge?
For it seems like educational systems today only address the convenient questions,
But the vast majority of questions remain unanswerable.
This non-answerability leads to discipline-specific bias or over-representation,
Yet complementary research may be going on in different localities. 


When I motivated to do something, I will do it well.
However, when I am not motivated, I will settle for below average.
I need to fix ‘school’ demotivation with motivation,
Or only refocus on things that are self-motivating.
I feel like school is only a spark for me to fuel the motivation, 
But the ignition extends beyond the boundary of the educational system in which I am placed.
In the words of Emerson:


“Meek young men grow up in libraries, believing it their duty to accept the views which Cicero, which Locke, which Bacon, have given, forgetful that Cicero, Locke, and Bacon were only young men in libraries, when they wrote these books…But they [universities] can only high serve us, when they aim not to drill, but to create; when they gather from far every ray of various genius to their hospitable halls, and, by concentrated fires, set the hearts of their youth on flame. Thought and knowledge are natures in which apparatus and pretension avail nothing.” [American Scholar Address – August 31, 1837]
The current sociopolitical system restricts human autonomy. 
My freethinking spirit is revolting to the political-societal culture:
The keen philosopher notes that perceived signals only approximate –
Aliases may be mistaken to represent something else.
Society takes in relativistic aliases as subjective Truths.
Then it structures rigid moral laws around these aliases,
Punishes the nonconformists through this rigid perception, 
And assimilates them to the ‘common man’ accordingly.
Civilization lives by delusions – aliases.
Humans can only reconstruct part of what they can perceive:
Ask me to re-draw a city, 
And I usually miss out on the small details.
I attach a particular value to the environment,
And the ‘value’ is the ‘part’ which is stored in my memory,
Creating a web of inter-relations from ‘value statements,’
Ultimately propagating thoughts useful to my own existence.
But what about the ‘excess’ information not perceived consciously? 


I take pictures, videos, and track my perception as best as I can to avoid perceptual bias. 
I structure my life around these objective libraries so that I avoid ‘error’ in logic. 
If I error in my logical memory,
I can always go back to the objective basis from which I error to find where I am wrong.
Society is not built with these error-tracking mechanisms,
But lives within the error itself.


Society is in the midst of a technological revolution –
Computers, semiconductors, neural interfaces, etc. –
One in which man can interact with technology to reduce perceptual errors. 
The units of society need to integrate with technology locally to elicit large-scale social change.
Evolution favors those with error-tracking abilities. 
Cyborgs will be evolutionarily selected in the economy to survive,
While the natural human will be evolutionarily pressured to die off. 
Speciation may occur quickly with these human-technology interactions,
Causing the social framework we have built to be incompatible with the new species of Man.
Cyborg-cyborg networks will then become the new Species and will induce sociopolitical Reconstruction. 
The social fabric will then gradually shift to one that is more “universally acceptable” –
Politically-subjective moral laws will be re-made to encompass absolute mathematical truths,
Educational systems will be re-constructed and tailored to individual variation,
Social systems will be re-ignited to create high-value human-human interactions,
Economic systems will be pressured to favor ‘generalization’ over ‘specialization’… the list goes on.
Society then may one day align with the human condition to maximally reduce human-society tension. 


But this thought may be an evanescent and far-off idealization. 
The executive function of society seems to restrict all large-scale change. 
Those in control seek to remain in control and take measures to secure their positions.
Until we are able to unveil and abolish this corruption, 
We will remain in a state of disillusioned conformity. 




































Assimilation vs. Revolution54
I am a prominent irregularity in the topography of the social system,
A lonely high-altitude peak separated from the regular proletariat elevation. 
My relation to the social fabric is like electrical repulsion,
For one step closer amplifies the force of detachment. 


My wants/demands are contrary to society’s wants/demands:
        I wish for freedom/liberty; society wishes for slavery/control. 
        I wish for boundlessness; society wishes for boundedness.
        I wish for thought certainty/significance; society wishes for thought ambiguity/insignificance.  
        I wish to eliminate human weaknesses; society wishes to conserve human weaknesses.  
        I wish for an individual passion; society wishes for adherence to a collective passion. 
        I wish to accentuate social problems; society wishes to mask social problems. 
        I wish to eliminate human tension; society wishes to preserve human tension. 
        I wish for mathematical knowledge; society wishes for subjective knowledge. 
        I wish to eliminate human impulses; society wishes to heed human impulses. 
I wish to escape or change the world; society wishes to keep the world ‘as is.’ 
The list goes on…


My capacity/supply is contrary to society’s capacity/supply:
        I have multi-context experience supply; society has a single-context experience supply.
        I have a mathematical knowledge; society has a subjective knowledge. 
        I have a collected supply of pessimism; society has a collective supply of optimism. 
        I have a volatile/nonconformist supply of philosophy; society has a rigid supply of philosophy.  
        I have a ‘networked’ supply of understanding; society has a modular supply of understanding. 
        I have a supply of predictive strategies; society has a supply of ‘observational’ strategies.
        I have a continuous supply of thoughts; society has a discrete supply of thoughts. 
The list goes on…


My language/words are contrary to society’s language/words:
        I speak in metaphors; society speaks in formalized statements. 
        I extend definitions of words; society rigidly conforms to established definitions for words.  
I create new words; society heeds old words.
I summarize new findings; society repeatedly analyzes the same findings. 
I extract out patterns in words/texts; society extracts few patterns in words/texts.  
I orient words in structured patterns; society orients words in chaotic patterns.
I naturally taxonomize worldly phenomena; society does not naturally taxonomize phenomena. 
I observe the world through my own words; society observes via the words of others.  
The list goes on…


My actions are contrary to society’s actions:
I detach; society attaches. 
I manipulate; society observes.  
I invent; society learns.
I talk; society hears.
        I integrate; society disintegrates.
I write; society reads.
I draw; society sees.
I plan; society listens to plans.  
I theorize; society hypothesizes.
I experiment; society monitors. 
I deregulate; society regulates. 
I express; society represses.  
I truthfully document; society willfully conceals.  
I cultivate peace; society provokes war. 
I stoically listen; society impulsively attacks.
I am patient; society is impatient. 
I am an open to new ideas; society is a closed to new ideas. 
The list goes on…


My truth is different from society’s truth. 
My facts are different from society’s facts.
My expressed truth format is different from society’s expressed truth format. 
My learning style is different from the society’s learning style.
My research methods are different from society’s research methods. 
My definitions are different from society’s definitions.
My theories are not completely revealed in society.
The list goes on…


My goal is contrary to society’s goal:
        I envision an augmented consciousness; society visions the natural consciousness. 
        I quickly interface with new technologies; society slowly interfaces with new technologies. 
        I am open to many religious doctrines; society is open to few religious doctrines. 
        I value information beneficial to existence; society values information harmful to my existence. 
The list goes on…


Shall I accept society if it is so different from my own condition?
I awake each day seeking an answer to this question.
I look for solutions to these open-ended self-society conflicts.


Destruction of society or the Self is not the way.
Like antimatter and matter,
I am inextricably united to my opposite. 
To annihilate these tensions and my Opposite
Would destroy both entities in themselves.  


If not destruction, then transformation must be the way for change. 
‘Assimilation’ is what induces conflict into my own system,
But ‘Revolution’ is my ultimate ideal: 
“The conditions under which any one understands me, and necessarily understands me—I know them only too well. Even to endure my seriousness, my passion, he must carry intellectual integrity to the verge of hardness. He must be accustomed to living on mountain tops—and to looking upon the wretched gabble of politics and nationalism as beneath him. He must have become indifferent; he must never ask of the truth whether it brings profit to him or a fatality to him…. He must have an inclination, born of strength, for questions that no one has the courage for; the courage for the forbidden; predestination for the labyrinth. The experience of seven solitudes. New ears for new music. New eyes for what is most distant. A new conscience for truths that have hitherto remained unheard. And the will to economize in the grand manner—to hold together his strength, his enthusiasm… . Reverence for self; love of self; absolute freedom of self…” – Nietzsche (The Antichrist – Preface)


If transformation is the way, 
Then I must change either society or myself. 


To change society requires a social ‘movement,’
A movement or idea that sways peoples’ opinions toward your own.


We see this method succeed many times throughout history – 
The Revolution for Democracy in the United States,
The Bolshevik Revolution in Russia to eliminate autocracy and establish a Soviet Union,
The rise of Hitler and the Nazi Party, 
The adoption of Calvin’s reform in Catholic beliefs, 
The Xinhai Revolution in China to abolish the Qing Dynasty and establish the Republic of China,
The list goes on…


But with each social movement that has succeeded comes many others that have failed –
The Revolutions to overthrow Rome were largely unsuccessful,
Anne Hutchinson and Roger Williams were excommunicated from the Puritan Colonies,  
The various massacres of Indians in the Americas,
The list goes on…


The most successful social movements seem to be nonviolent and rooted in science or objective truths – 
Look at the Gallileo/Copernican revolution,
The Newtonian Revolution in Calculus,
The Electromagnetic Revolution with Maxwell,
The Relativity Revolution with Einstein,
The Quantum Revolution with Bohr,
The Computer Revolution with Turing,
The list goes on…
These revolutions are timeless and seem to have the most relevance and impact on all humanity. 


To change myself requires transcendence from my own biology. 
I must first understand my own biology before augmenting it. 
Once I catalogue my own frame mathematically,
I can manipulate and integrate technology in the human condition endlessly:
An infinite and search-ready memory supply with computer technologies,
A social utility that optimizes communication between two human beings based on priorities, 
Sensors of other forms of radiation for communication – RF energy,
Monitoring systems to diagnose and immediately fix human disease and aging,
‘Thought broadcasters’ sent directly over TCP-IP networks to other human minds…
With enough human-technology integration,
Tension could possibly be optimally reduced within the human condition.


I may one day be aptly able to express my inner desires and become compatible with the sociopolitical structure,
But to get there I must begin a Revolution that compresses new theoretical knowledge within a social movement. 
Then the force of repulsion will transform into one of cohesive attraction,
And collective society will become the ‘inextricable basis’ from which I can propagate thoughts.  


















                Compatibility55
I foresee a perceived pain,
A formidable existential tension, 
An approaching yet distant character of depression,
A forming anxiety,
An oscillatory feeling of expectation and anticipation,
A mappable yet unmappable understanding,
A multiplexed network of inter-related tensions,
A foundational mishap and disorientation - 
A permanent discontentment with common cultural systems.
I fear a coming cause and potent effect,
A forming redundancy within my own routine,
The adoption of a language non-translatable to other human beings.


I oftentimes wonder - to what extent I am compatible with the world?
I have cataloged existence relative to perception,
I have imagined existence with philosophy,
I have manipulated existence with mathematics and self-experimentation. 
But this existential question remains:
Why do I always converge to pain and suffering? 


The transformation of existential tension to ‘compatibility’ with society is my desire.
I may develop systems to eliminate this tension,
But this relationship is inescapable within bounded human existence. 
Why must I be attracted to subjective reality? 
The world order which I perceive is a ‘perceived reality’ and not an ‘objective reality.’
Therefore, if the perceptive sensors of my mind become distorted,
Do not I, then, perceive unreality?
Unreality, then, is the source of all my motivation.
Motivation is therefore defined as delusional self-observation.


Perceived unrealities are the source of many of my own existential tensions. 
A misunderstanding of the world is through some mis-applied relative:
I believe in the existence of an object because the object is an assumed necessity. 
When something becomes a perceived ‘stereotypical’ necessity, 
It distorts the existential definition of an assumption from a real to an imaginary plane.
My imagination makes me into a new biological species -
Something beyond mere homeostasis and objective reality,
An elevated organism wholeheartedly distinguishable from a previous state relative to time.


Happiness in life is a formidable ideal;
The fluctuations one must endure are near-infinite in scale. 
One must be adaptable and agile and align with the modern sociopolitical climate,
One must fix oddities and eccentricies to more perfectly converge with defined human systems.
Thus, ‘social-mirroring’ and ‘conformity’ generate happiness,
Nonconformity and ‘self-mirroring’ tend to generate a fluctuating self-society melancholy.  


The socio-political system seems to advance in ‘piece-wise’ quanta,
While human systems adapt linearly with time.
There seems to exist an impossibility for prolonged and infinite happiness – 
Salient features exist in non-equilibrium regions of the human economy. 
There are only a few points of degeneracy where humans are aligned with the socio-political sphere.
All the rest are misaligned and provoke tension. 
To exist in society or the world is thus to assume the existence of tension. 


Humans have become more convergent with the sociopolitical system throughout history.
Look at early human systems – 
Primitive barter systems, with inefficiencies in trade.
Look at the evolution of capitalist systems– 
Advanced systems with comparative advantages of trade.
Now globalized capitalist systems echo human-society alignment –
Globalized networks and infinite trading capacity. 
And we seem to be progressing into an era of even more human-society overlap – 
Human-technology definitions over the traditional human definitions. 


The foci of society have thus shifted away from primitive definitions of human modalities. 
Societies have instead mimicked brain modules in the economy:
The frontal lobe: the modern computer and information processing;
Emotion/amygdale: modern cultural and religious systems, social media;
Hippocampus: the memory on a computer, cloud computing;
Breathing/Blood flow: chemical reactions and analogs, power/current in a computer;
The list goes on…
All aspects of human nature have been thus simulated in the economy.
Modularity is the finite nodal solution to capitalist systems,
With specialization being the mechanism for one human unit to be trained and mitigate tension.


But I want a module-less knowledge,
A multi-module integrated knowledge,
Something a mere ‘automated’ module cannot perform alone.
I seek a simulated mathematical consciousness,
To master all modules in the sociopolitical system and inter-relate all of them together.
I am bored with just one specialty –
I want to assimilate to objective reality and not subjectively-motivating reality. 
I thus want stability in my own happiness,
A continuously infinite degenerate happiness,
A happiness continually aligned with the sociopolitical system and Nature.
To do this, I need to be a human-machine hybrid, 
Taking my primitive brain modules and co-enhancing them with technology. 
The cyborg integration will thus eliminate all my tensions and attachments –
Near-infinite free will may then become possible. 
For to harmonize with society is my most fundamental desire,
And I will ceaselessly proceed to elicit knowledge to proceed in this direction. 






















Scalability56 
Everything has a certain scale in nature –
Individual system vs. global scale,
The taxonomy, the sub-taxonomy, then the sub-sub taxonomy, ad infinitum…
Contexts can be generalized and predicted in nature in isolation,
But where does life end up in this scalae naturae? 


The natural environment has its own scale of laws – 
Physical laws, mathematical laws, inter-related variables.
Nature’s global scale is seemingly picturesque with template atomic relationship models,
But is polluted upon localizing individual atoms and examining non-blueprint behaviors.  
Nature has a global blueprint, and it relies not on individual structures but functions.  
But life tends to obey another set of more complex laws.
Is life more complex than Nature?
Or have we just not identified the source of the complexity in life?
The interdependency between life and ecosystems suggests otherwise:
Life seems to be the result of a recursive feedback loop with Nature.  
Thus, the complexity emerges not from complication in rules but from the multi-variable environment. 


Scales seem to emerge through ecosystems – 
The interaction of life with the environment.
Life seems to be incredibly adapted to environments –
Fish to the water,
Birds to the sky,
Amphibians to both water and land,
Trees to the land,
Algae to the water, 
The list goes on…
It seems as if the structure of life itself adapts with regional environments,
But some function universals of ‘life’ emerge as a result of categorization - 
All plant life as the universal source for oxygen (photosynthesis),
All animal life as the consumption of oxygen and production of CO2 (cellular respiration). 
Enzyme processes to reduce activation energy and allow for efficient energy utilization.
The list goes on…
Life processes all seem to have some reciprocity to allow for efficient resource deployment.
But what about human beings?


I oftentimes wonder my place in Nature’s vast scale.
Can I manufacture a scale relevant to the vastness of humanity?
The magnitude of my existence is measured by how much I can output in a given period of time. 
Therefore, I prefer to live in nonlinear scales over linear ones, 
One in which the scalability of my behavior can output global, generalized effects on humanity. 
I want to be an author that can publish and reach a vast audience,
An architect discerning truth in a blueprint and seeing it adopted globally,
But I do not want to be a doctor compensated for local truths in diagnoses,
A discipline-specific zealot tunneled to produce narrow effects on humanity. 
The open-minded nonconformist thus seems most aptly suited for the asymmetry of the modern world,
While the narrow-minded conformist is a contradiction to Truth. 
The blueprint author is like a ‘god’ and the narrow-minded conformist a ‘weak denizen’. 
Distributing his original texts to an almost universal audience,
The author instills influence throughout the entire human population.
Following the texts of the ‘god’, 
The narrow-minded conformist effects change only locally through application of those laws.  


But human nature is a hackneyed design to live in a Platonic-like local scale,
A manufactured fallacy of narrative events that is attracted to low-energy stability,
The construction of skewed subjective dogma and philosophy –
In short, human nature prefers “distorted reality” over “objective reality” to preserve existence.  
While Nature’s energy minimization dogma is predictable,
Humankind’s energy minimization expression is far more random and uncertain.
The human mind, based upon previous recursive loops of feedback with the environment,
Is a constant flux and mirrors states relevant to apes but not to logic. 


Though mathematical truth assimilation seems to augment my own scale,
It requires intensive effort, critical self-analysis, and bold speculation.
Locally-recognized truths align to small scale,
But universally-recognized truths align to the global scale.
I seek to build a blueprint foundation,
A complex probabilistic mathematical algorithm solution to all my human problems.
Boundless in scale, application, and variety.
I want to embrace – not dismiss - abnormal and extraordinary Black Swan phenomena,
And multiplex them with my existence and purpose to align with Nature.
For though our society is built on contradictory assumptions,
Transcendence is possible through meticulous and skeptical empiricism. 


“ad justiam et veritam volo procedere”[6]
For to blueprint the regional scale is the act of human impulse,
But to template the nonlinear global scale is the act of genius. 














































Introspection vs. Extrospection57
I seek understanding - 
A mathematical process to frame and answer questions,
A deeply reflective introspective harmony,
A defragmented mind abstracted from attachments,
A motivational-less yet useful freethinking sovereignty, 
An internal cultural anarchy among rigid cultural stereotypes and environmental structures, 
A focused effort to repair deluded realities and attitudes, 
An optimization of space-time constraints on the nature of human existence,
An avoidance of the problem of existence through meaningful philosophical inquiry,
A stalwart emotional elicitation and childlike curiosity within self-reliant investigation, 
An assumed existence of significance despite being surrounded by proletariat trivialities, 
A liberated soul with infinite design capacity - limitless potential, 
A decorated past-time of rich and useful Kantian a posteriori experiences,
An anticipated future from extrapolated themes and generalizations,
The list goes on…
In short, 
I seek a perfectly mirrorable image of my own mind and consciousness,
One that can be perfectly uploaded to humanity (i.e. culture) and Self without tension.


Introspection requires deep focus and cultural abstraction.
It is difficult to do in this modern world – 
Computers, Social Media (Twitter/Facebook/etc.), 
Phones, Telecommunication Systems – 
Yet the greatest philosophers can isolate themselves.
To have self-control is to have introspective capacity. 
Humans naturally do not find meaning in isolated self-learning and curiosity.
Though pre-programmed to have meaning in Culture,
Humans have high-energy free will to reject such Culture.
Humans have the choice of a high-energy decision (cultural abstraction) 
Or a low-energy decision (cultural immersion).
What we call the free will entity is the choice to go into higher-energy states despite a probabilistic tendency towards low-energy decision-making. 
Those who accept high-energy transitions tend to elicit more useful knowledge in the world (mathematicians/philosophers).
Those who accept low-energy transition tend to elicit less useful knowledge of the world 
(cultural relativism/common man).
Those with high-energy transitions have a more general spectrum from which to base ideas – 
They are not plagued with partialities and trivialities found in the low-energy observer.
The high-energy philosopher (observer 1) can argue in each spectral domain – 
Energy level 5 to 1, 5 to 2, 5 to 3, 5 to 4, 4 to 1, 4 to 2, 4 to 3, 3 to 2, 3 to 1, 2 to 1….
The low-energy philosopher (observer 2) can only argue in a specific spectral domain – 
Energy level 3 to 1, 2 to 1. 
The lower energy philosopher, clearly at a disadvantage in ‘general’ arguing capacity,
Still uselessly argues within the 5 to 1 domain without knowledge or experience in this domain,
And it is up to the high-energy philosopher to enlighten the low-energy proletariat on this mistake.
And thus it seems like an inevitable tension results from the arrogance of observer 2 over observer 1. 
So the question is – how can one universally integrate human spectral domains of understanding? 
Yet humankind answers this question with culture and the sociopolitico-economic system - 
First comes specialization, 
Next comes relativistic belief structures with varying spectral observation capacities,
Then comes high-energy structures from low-energy components, 
Or Socio-Politico Consciousness.
This leads to the general, high-energy philosopher coming out of the Social Superorganism.
But I want to be this Superorganism,
A generalized, high-energy, unstable individual who goes against natural human inclinations –
This output is achieved through introspection.


Introspection thus takes in high-energy information,
(Or more information than the natural human mind can handle),
Then statically rearranges it through some internal filter to reduce the energy,
Then further rearranges and encodes the information into categories, 
Then emits behavior in a way that is symmetrical with one’s Self categories. 
This set of behavior is a full-spectrum of different wavelengths (or observer 1),
As opposed to the partial-spectrum behaviors induced by cultural specialization.
What religion calls ‘prayer’ is ‘introspection’ with a false ‘external reference frame.’
What I call ‘introspection’ assumes the ‘external reference’ to be ‘Self.’ 
Introspection is cultural abstraction and analysis,
Introspection is an identity-forming process that embedded with high-energy transitions –
It challenges one’s Self so much as to emit the most general types of behavior that align with one’s Self.
To absorb low-energy is to emit behavior into the low-energy cultural proletariat domain,
But to absorb high-energy causes emission of a wide variety of energy levels.
One can thus transcend human existential meaning if one can live life from unstructured and wide-ranging energy domains –
A rebellion against the probabilistic tendency to surround one’s Self with structured low-energy environments,
An abstraction of human survival impulses to enable perception of objective reality. 
In short, introspection analytically reduces general disorder into multi-component order. 


Yet humans are constantly distracted with the entity of extrospection. 
Extrospection is the application of a specific spectrum to a general spectrum.
This result leads to a scale asymmetry between the specific and the general (observer 1 vs. observer 2).  
Environmental assimilation/integration is favored over self-analysis.
Naturally, humans find more meaning in the environment than in one’s Self.
Locke’s ‘tabla rasa’ idea resonates with the human frame – 
From the environment humans have significance,
And from the environment humans gain experience which defines ‘Self.’
Society is structured to support this dynamic fabric of ‘extrospection’ –
To filter one’s wants and needs and find them replaced with goods and services,
To identify needs and wants and address this tension with an ‘environmental attachment.’
This idea – extrospection – is what society is structured around.
However, extrospection distorts the introspective, high-energy, generalized solution to the problem domain of existence which I seek. 
I seek to be a General Supernetwork within a bounded Specific Micronetwork frame. 
Human micronetworks predispose observation as opposed to action because more information is attained from observation than action (i.e. learning). 
One needs the specialization of all the micronetwork components to perceive the socio-politico-economic Super-Network. 
Therefore, how can one perceive all of the components of the Socio-political system within the finite nature of human consciousness?


There exists a solution to this problem – human-technology integration.
Technology can be the peripheral sensors that perceive the environment for us –
General trends, 
Data collection,
Spatial data logging,
Thought distributions,
… etc. - 
If humans can leave such extrospective observation to systems that are better at it – AI/technology,
Then why not let such technology take on this specialization?
To value one’s soul infinitely is to have great significance within your own mind. 
(i.e. introspection)
To value one’s soul partially is to have some significance within cultural boundary system.
(i.e. merge with culture - extrospection).
Therefore, we can revert back to introspection more frequently through human-technology integration.
Leave technology to micro-specialize and humans to macro-generalize from these various specialized modules.  


But this solution, society-technology integration, leads to yet another ubiquitous problem.
Humans are unconsciously influenced by the technological infrastructure which surrounds us – 
Facebook unconsciously directs thoughts and changes behavior in ways we still do not understand,
Emails help direct behavior in more useful ways relative to the context in which we are placed,
Phones help us to communicate with people independent of space –
The feedback loops of introspection and extrospection can lead to lack of free will. 
The advantages are palpable, but it leads to increased human-technology reliance.
Human behavior becomes more dependent on integration with technology, 
And the natural existential definition of human value diminishes relative to technology.
Culture is the supernode that controls the current content of our minds,
But in the future technology will become the supernode that controls the current of our minds. 
Now the ground-state, low-energy configuration favors human cultural network meshing,
But in the future will favor human network-technological network integration. 
Now culture creates probabilistic structures that predispose certain attachments and likings in society,
But in the future will favor technologically-centered, digital information probabilistic attachments.
These attachments are similar to Boltzmann distributions – certain microstates are favored. 
Now we favor human specialization within our economic system, 
But in the future humankind will favor technological specialization.
Therefore, the existential definition of humankind will go from natural to artificial quite quickly,
Leading to a hyperevolution of the human species from natural to technologically-artificial prototypes.  
I seek a general understanding with access to technologically-specialized units,
But I live in an inefficient human-specialized world.
My solution to get a general spectrum knowledge from technological specialization will ultimately lead to diminished human existential significance and increased technological existential significance. 


Be careful what climate you select to live your life within.
Self-Introspection may help alleviate climate disturbances. 
Self-Extrospection may induce self-environment tensions,
But Self-Technology Extrospection may help relieve such tensions.
Focus your mind on the philosophical questions of existence and significance,
And you should be able to live in Zen-like solitude stability.
Be technologically open-minded –
Integrate with technologies so that you can return to high-energy introspection more frequently.
Be philosophically skeptical - 
Rebuke culture and structured reality to find errors in the assumed foundations.
Channel introspective high-energy usefully - 
Build new structures and find meaning in the mysterious and unstructured.
Define the undefined and create solutions to the biggest problems in society.
Life is continual disequilibrium and a push toward homeostasis,
But do not let homeostatic pressures define your existence.
Transcend these existential pressures through high-energy absorption and emission of information contained within the environment.   


































































































Surveillance58
I seek natural transparency and public visibility,
A tool to monitor my thoughts and make them apparent to others,
An ability to translate my thoughts onto a mathematical domain,
A continuous thought recognition system to find logical toxicities,
A treatment pathway for irregular and non-pragmatic thought propagations, 
A diagnostic thought deletion mechanism,
An uninterrupted epidemiological macro-trend and micro-trend thought analysis,
A general classification system for how external environments influence thought propagations –
In short, I seek surveillance so that injurious thoughts can be prevented.
I wish to prevent thought pathologies instead of treating or observing them.


Two types of Self-surveillance monitors exist – the internal and external monitors. 


The external surveillance monitor is in the form of people and technology. 
People can act as peripheral sensors to my own mind –
Testing my thoughts on others’ storehouse of experiences,
People act as detection monitors that can confirm the reasonability of my thoughts.
Generally, interruptions of my thoughts with others’ indicate gap discontinuities in my knowledge,
Places and mind-hubs where I need to attain greater understanding and erudition.  
The greater number of observers generally levels out for a more objective thought analysis. 
Therefore, it is best to have a large sample of friends to act as thought sensors to fix such pathologies.
The problem with this type of monitor is that it is finite and often limited in the scope of use – 
Friends and family have schedules and time constraints that oftentimes prevent continuous use of this monitor. 
Therefore, I expect technological monitors to replace this type of human specialization into the future,
Providing an infinite diagnostic capacity bounded within my own thought formations. 
Technological thought monitors provide an ability to diagnose thoughts immediately, continuously, and infinitely,
But human thought monitors provide an ability to diagnose thoughts belatedly, finitely, and discontinuously.
Integrating my mind with technology is thus my ultimate existential ideal,
A push toward a human-technology thought monitor to direct my own behavior rationally and optimally.  


The internal surveillance monitor is in the form of self-analysis and introspection. 
I possess a great degree of bias to form a belief-consistent worldview –
I tend to look for confirmatory evidence for my worldview while overlooking contrary evidence. 
Therefore, I must self-analyze my thoughts through mathematical (a priori) analysis.
Introspection is best done in isolation and in a controlled environment.
I imagine a black-box line scenario without any external stimulus influencing the mind. 
Then I look through my mind as an external observer.
I then note how these thoughts are derived in terms of environmental attachments.
I then trace these environments back to define how they influence or derive my thought formations.
By combining these attachments, it delineates probabilistic tendencies toward rational or irrational thoughts. 
One can thus avoid irrational thought formations by avoiding certain types of recognized environments
(Irrational thoughts are usually derived from emotional or sexual impulses),
And conserve rational thought formations by conserving certain types of recognized environments
(Rational thoughts are usually derived from self-education/reading and meticulous observation).
So through self-abnegation, impulse regulation, and rational conservation I can filter-optimize my mind.   


I thus ask the reader, “How often do you think you control your thoughts?”
I thus challenge the reader to continuously monitor one’s thoughts to optimize existence - 
To find pathologies and spot ‘gaps’ in knowledge.
To think you know when in reality you do not know is the gravest of errors – it reduces human existential value. 
If one uses these internal and external thought monitors correctly,
One can eliminate relativistic behavior from time-varying impulse-centered worldviews. 
To map Self on the objective domain is the ideal of the thought-conscious philosopher,
But to map Self on the subjective domain is the ideal of the thought-unconscious philosopher.
The ability to spot these discontinuities externally is the most invaluable attribute given to human existence,
So use these tools frequently and use them well.
For to ignore these tools will lead to proletariat relativism and unhappiness,
But to heed them will lead to worldview firmness and belief consistency – happiness. 























































































Artificial vs. Natural Ecosystem59
The computer – mouse, microprocessor, display, software, etc.
The phone – display, electromagnetic radiation, voice, applications, etc.
The car – wheels, transmission, seats, exhaust, etc. 
The house– windows, air conditioning, bathrooms, etc.
The city – sewage systems, traffic lights, roads, skyscrapers, banking systems, etc. 
In short, man-machine interactions and integrations are ubiquitous in modern culture. 
Humankind has progressed from a natural to an artificial ecosystem. 
But can we ‘sense’ this transition?


Techno-artificiality is inherent within the Western definition of a ‘human entity.’ 
The modern ecosystem now transcends natural limitation: 
Humans are built with natural sensors and actuators (i.e. touch, pain, vision, audition),
But now humans can extend their structure into technology (i.e. camera, camcorder, pressure sensor).
Humans once could only abide by the structure ‘God’ gave to us via natural selection,
But now we can select and control our structure via the principle of artificial selection.
Before this era, I would have to write my ideas down into imperfect human language.
I would then see others misinterpret my ideas according to relativistic cultural analogy. 
But now I can write a program to transfer my knowledge into a truthfunction computer algorithm,
And this program can scale infinitely upon any modern computing platform without cultural ambiguity.
The artificial ecosystem offers hope to unite humanity in solving problems,
But threatens to destroy the natural cultural ecosystem which stabilizes Proletariat freethinking. 


Ignorance of such changing definitions for ‘man’ to ‘man-machine hybrid’ causes relativistic behavior. 
I go into a store with the knowledge that I can record my behavior on a camcorder for others to follow,
So when one person asks me, “How did you get that object?” I can respond, “…watch this video.” 
If one wanted to go further, I could attach the geospatial coordinates in which the video occurred via the Global Positioning System (GPS). 
Then, without ambiguity, the person who asked me can get an exact answer.
But oftentimes this is not what my fellow citizens ask for.
Instead, my acquaintances ask for a cultural analogy to which they can attach personal experiences.
My friend asks me, “How did you get that object,” and expects me to respond, “From store X.”
Then follows, “What is store X?” and expects me to respond. “Store X is like…Store Y, you know?”
Still, if necessary, it follows, “What is Store Y?” and expects me to respond, “Store Y is like store Z…”
This process continues until a bidirectional analogy is agreed-upon.
This expectation is thus rooted from lack of mathematical understanding, 
And I find many people want to hear conceptual metaphors that relate to cultural understanding.
So when I answer, “Store Y is like Store X” 
And then my fellow citizen states, “Oh yes, I know what you mean.”
What my fellow citizen really means is, 
“The closest approximation to what I know you know is Y, and I know Y, thus I can extrapolate my understanding from Y to estimate what you mean by X to relate what you mean to what I have previously experienced. In no way are the two identical, and I know for sure that there is error in this estimation. But I thank you for being sensitive to my cultural background because if you did not place the information that you said to me in a cultural context which I understand, I would not have understood what you said. My behavior into the future regarding X will know update according to this new attached analogy.”
And thus what results in a behavioral relativism resultant from cultural analogy rather than a behavioral absolutism resultant from mathematical analogy. 


This worldview shift is beginning to transform our society and dissolve past worldviews.
Instead of saying, “God granted us this…” we are increasingly saying, “We control this…We build this.”
Instead of saying, “It just happened…” we are increasingly saying, “How did this happen…”
In short, humans are becoming techno-adaptive creatures to better survive and reproduce. 


When will this paradigm shift take full root?
Will it destroy humanity or integrate humanity?
Is this redefinition better or worse for us as a collective species?
Will more advanced lifeforms result from our experiments?
These questions remain at the periphery of philosophy,
And only the future will inform us of the answers.
But this we do know:
Humanity is shifting from a natural to an artificial ecosystem at a more rapid pace,
And this transition will accelerate into the future.
Those who tend to adapt to this technological ecosystem will more likely survive.
And those who decide to neglect this technological ecosystem will less likely survive.
Let us, then, embrace an understanding of this trend and prepare for its implementation.
For to remain in ignorance of the Singularity may bring an end to modern civilization. 






































































Abolition60
I perceive a new slavery,
One larger than race,[7] creed,[8] gender,[9] sexual orientation,[10] or disability.[11]
The conflict is incessant and profound,
Gradual yet increasingly palpable. 
The abolition of human expression is coming, 
Where technological mediums evolve human expression into human-technology expression.
What I'm talking about is the abolition of one species (the human race) 
And the creation of another (the human-technology race). 
The psychosis of the Human Species approaching, 
And there is nothing I can do to stop it.


Humanity is beginning to fall asleep,
Traditional human values are beginning to weaken, 
And technological values are beginning to strengthen.
Traditional education is becoming increasingly less useful,
Computers are beginning to outperform experts,
And economic value is shifting from individual to collective. 
For time shows with the creation of new minds comes the extinction of others, 
And this extinction process accelerates with time. 
Technology-weak minds are becoming weaker, less psychotic, and less creative,
Technology-strong minds are becoming stronger, more psychotic, and more creative, 
And a species-wide conflict is becoming omnipresent. 


Nietzsche, fully aware of this problem over 150 years ago, 
Was right to say that when individual freedom diminished to collective freedom,
When all primal (emotional-sexual) needs are satisfied – 
The only thing left is the Will to Power.
An Übermensch[12] must arise to create a new value system, 
Where the motivation is to project your Self maximally onto Society so that Society aligns with Self,
To scale Self into society by implanting Your Mind within Other Minds. 
In this way, Humanity’s power projects into your own locus of control:
“My idea is that every specific body strives to become master over all space and to extend its force (--its will to power:) and to thrust back all that resists its extension. But it continually encounters similar efforts on the part of other bodies and ends by coming to an arrangement ("union") with those of them that are sufficiently related to it: thus they then conspire together for power. And the process goes on…” – Nietzsche (Will to Power)


To live in our future world you must be an abolitionist in either one of two forms:
An abolitionist against technology or an abolitionist against the natural human species. 
Choose wisely, 
For the psychosis of the Human Species approaching, 
And there is nothing you can do to stop it.
But for now let us observe and speculate in a human-technology intermediate expression.
The Einstein-Assisi Philosophy61
I live in a culture of endless hedonism, 
Where laissez faire sexuality is commonplace,
Where love of Self is above love for Humanity,
Where forgetfulness is esteemed over remembrance, 
Where fiat money sets the value system for human behavior,
Where solitude-oriented mediation is neglected,[13]
Where artificial technology interactions replace human interaction,[14]
Where child-like imagination is suppressed and rigid indoctrination is activated, 
Where moral relativism breeds anxiety-filled disillusionment, 
Where the format of Truth is encrypted so that only an Elite Few understand it,
Where political-legal assumptions limit personal freedoms and innovation,
Where national identities are dissolving into a Global Identity,[15] 
The list goes on…
This culture is contradictory and confusing,
And the chief goal is to maximize pleasure and to minimize pain for the greatest number of individuals.[16] 
But all members of the population have different pleasures and different pains, 
So Harmony seems impossible.


How can this unity be achieved?
Through Charity, Chastity, Poverty, and Imagination – 
These are the virtues of Wise Philosophers.[17] [18]


With Charity you can love others as you love yourself, 
Allowing you to find moments of solitude equally instructful as moments of inclusion.
Charity enables you to exhibit a worldview independent of context,
And find creative inspiration in things that most people do not see. 
Charity promotes a fearless, unforeseen global empathy,
Which reframes Self-motivation to express thought in global, mathematically-relevant terms:
        You begin to compose music not for yourself but for World Peace,[19]
        You begin to sculpt figures and images to start a Political Revolution, [20]
        You begin to create mathematical generalizations to advance all of Science,[21]
        The list goes on…
Charity clarifies moral filters and intentionalities, 
Causing you to listen, observe, think, and seek meaning beyond the limitations of language and Culture. 
You thus create a Truthful Self-image from charity,[22] 
And integrate this image with other human entities through Multi-Perspective Understanding.
It is only through charity that genuine Beauty can be produced.  


With chastity comes a purified mind, 
Cleaning up your queue of consciousness to process new information. 
Chastity is the Ultimate mind defragmentation process, 
Allowing for learned peace within in a chaotic, changing world.  
Chastity promotes enlightened sexual security, 
Enabling you to select environments and people that promote motivational stability. 
Chastity creates attachment and purpose within existing memory, 
Promoting dignity and happiness within existing human relationships.[23]
Chastity generates Self-confidence,
Creating an expectant, goal-forward value system which transcends worldly impulse.  
Chastity is thus assumed in the expression of Charity, 
And is necessary to focus Human Will. 


Poverty elicits a deep understanding for wants, expectations, and desires,
Templating a custom form of personal introspection from which others can follow. 
Poverty creates a strong Will, [24]
Allowing you to create a Self-image detached from personal property. 
Poverty creates a humanistic reverence, 
Which acknowledges and expresses the emotions in their natural form. 
Poverty increases personal autonomy and works outside of the Planned Path,
Forging new behaviors through disruptive forms of incentivized reinforcement. 
It is thus only in poverty that you can strengthen your Will and recognize attachments. 


With Imagination comes possibilities and hope, 
Propagating expectations which can improve your own condition. 
With imagination comes motivation,
Goals which are slightly out of reach but which are worthwhile to pursue. 
Imagination thus creates a culture of unhindered possibility from which Truth can be pursued. 


Such is the Einstein-Assisi philosophy. 
If you had a choice between this or the modern culture, 
Which one would you choose? 


























Part IV: Crowdsourced Poetry


Context: It is during this last phase of my college experience where I develop a new form of poetry in sort of a pilot form. I first post a question on facebook and ask other people on my friends list to think of the first word or series of words that they think of when they see this word and/or question. I then form a series of words myself independent from the responses on facebook. Then over the next few weeks I merge my own mind’s representation of words with the words of others contributed on facebook. This new form of poetry I call “crowdsourced poetry.” I have found it to be very challenging yet very rewarding. I learn much about what I don’t see when I see things from 10-12 alternative perspectives, and it gives me a much more objective lens in answering particular philosophical questions in poetry. I look at this new form of poetry as a way to integrate my worldview with the worldview of others, so as to create a place where I can express my beliefs within already well-developed communities. I hope to one day develop a similar method for integrating forms of music and philosophy through keyword-based and/or frequency-based analyses. 














Image62
What are images?
To the World, 
Monochrome apparitions which exist in a colorful world,
Appetizing foods which lead to negative health consequences,[25] [26]   
Pleasant-smelling fumes which stimulate attractiveness,[27] 
        Vibrations which blueprint hand variations on the piano, 
        Scintillating temperatures in mid-June contrasted with winter melancholy,
Emotional-sexual illusions which complement reality in times of pain,
Sensors which perceive intentionalities of friends and enemies, 
Scheming tools which manipulate collective behaviors, 
Static snapshots which subsist in a dynamic Universe,
Connective tissue for the past, present, and future. 
To me,
        I exist in this world as a “Self-image.” 
        I would describe this Self-image as:  
        Complex, Existing, Feeling-filled, New, Constant,
        Seeking, Momentary, Philosophical, Real, Encoded, 
        Identity-forming, Perceptive, Questioning, Free-flowing, 
        Natural, Artificial, Mathematical, Tense, State-changing,
        …the list goes on
My Self-image is a complicated mixture of many components.
It is described best as a macrostate with many microstates:
As a philosopher, I feel like a reincarnated Emerson-Schopenhauer-Tolstoy-Dostoevsky.
As a musician, I perform like a reformatted version of Keiko Matsui or Mozart. 
As a researcher, my published thoughts are coupled to Einstein, Edison, and Faraday.
As a basketball player, I play like Tayshaun Prince.[28] 
As an artist, I am attached to Leonardo Da Vinci.
As a poet, I am linked to Nietzsche. 
As a teacher, I feel most connected to Aristotle. 
As a human being, I feel most connected to Francis of Assisi. 
…the list goes on
In short, I am the sum-total of what I have experienced, 
How I have willed myself through these experiences,
And what knowledge I have gained from these experiences.
To others, 
        I (the “Self”) do not exist but an Image (“A projection of Self”) of me exists.
        I am not a “me” but a “perceived me.” 
        This perception is a seeming relativistic blend of many things:
                The image of Introversion,[29]  
A joyful remoteness to learn more about reality.
The image of Eccentricity,[30] 
Spontaneous expressivity. 
The image of Energy,[31] 
                Displaying a passion for work that I do. 
The image of Inquisitiveness,[32]
Asking questions all the time with a childlike curiosity. 
The image of Righteousness,[33]         
Standing up for His own beliefs in a morally-consistent manner. 
                The image of Sexiness,[34] 
                        Ostentation and prideful branding. 
                The image of Introspection,[35]  
                        Reflecting upon life’s moments, both big and small.
                The image of Kind-heartedness,[36] 
                        Constantly trying to encourage and boost the morale of others. 
                The image of Brilliance,[37] 
                        Natural talent expressed in a format difficult to define. 
                The image of Considerateness,[38] 
                        Listening intently to others and trying to connect deeply with them. 
                The image of Athleticism, 
                        Competing on the basketball court with a James Harden-like mindset.[39]
                The image of Tallness,[40] 
                        Keeping growth alive in each moment of every day.   
                The image of Rationality,[41]        
                        Looking as if I seek Truth constantly, incessantly, and deeply.  
                …the list goes on


What is the desired function for images?
To the World,
Images should imprint human entities with a public visibility:
Images shape first impressions,[42]
Images frame conversations,[43]
Images create expectations, 
Images modify motivations,
Images provoke emotions, 
Images form memories,
Images support generalizations, 
Images manifest judgements, 
Images infringe privacy,
Images disrupt connectedness:
In short, images are the inputs to Consciousness.[44]
To me, 
I seek to build a universal image where public and private spaces meld harmonically,
A place where like-minded people can flow in and out of my life with little energy. 
I seek a branded authenticity, 
Where my Self and Societal Images meld harmonically. 
My “perceived image” is not equivalent to my Self-image. 
My Self-image projects years upon years of previous memories,
Inaccessible private spaces which I cannot project well onto others. 
This Self-image is a subjective construct,
Willing to be altered only privately. 
Self-images can and only will be able to be projected within my own family. 
But what if others could see my story,
My Self-image ‘as is’ – without manipulation, 
Without needing to hybridize public-private spaces of interpretation? 
What if I could connect with others in an unconfused and unrestrained manner,
Without the need for projected justifiability due to mislabeled previous experiences?
Then I would be like a Self-Society crowd-sourced mind meld, 
Living within a Utopian, tensionless World. 
To others,
I communicate my Self-image through a variety of mediums:
        As a philosopher I write philosophy, 
(introversion, eccentricity, righteousness, rationality, introspection) 
        As a musician I compose music on the piano, 
(introversion, brilliance) 
        As a researcher I publish research papers independent from academia, 
(rationality, inquisitiveness, brilliance)
        As a basketball player I play pick-up basketball, 
(athleticism, energy, tallness) 
        As an artist I draw pictures, though rarely. 
(introspection, eccentricity, brilliance)
        As a poet I write poetry. 
(introversion, eccentricity) 
        As a teacher I create and publish new pedagogies.[45] 
(inquisitiveness, righteousness, kind-heartedness)
        As a human being, I try to humbly encourage others to reach their potential. 
                (considerateness, kind-heartedness, energy)  
Yet these actions do not project my sum-total image because I cannot market myself as a philosopher-musician-researcher-basketball player-artist-poet hybrid entity in our Socio-political-economic ecosystem. 


Therefore I am a hybrid of Self and Societal images existing within a larger World Image. 
My intuition becomes the Self-Society middle ground within the World’s Image. 
Art, poetry, basketball, music become my tools for expressing my “Self Image” to Society.
And people alter my Self Image with conscious and unconscious feedback,
Allowing for a merger of my “Self-image” with “Society’s Image of Me.” 


How can we connect the World’s image, my Self-image, and my Perceived Image?
Misinterpretations of history are the source for all tension between people.
People assume I am only from GA but I am also from CA, AZ, OR, and PA. 
Incorrect assumptions lead to false generalizations.
Similarly, historical interpretations lead to generalized worldviews and beliefs,
Which in turn shape behavior. 
Behavior is thus a mix of present rationality and past generalization,
Leading to moral relativism between people with different experiences. 
If past generalization were deleted,
An authentic present-state image would be observed,
And cultural conflict would disappear. 
All generalizations would be in-the-moment,
Three Selves (World-Self-Perceived Image) would be melded in a ‘now’ moment. 
Thus deletion of image-driven expectations can breed a collective happiness,
For the Observer, the Observed, and the World. 






































































Stress vs. Religion63 


I seek a Universal Religion: 
A Plastic Kernel[46] which can re-direct my mind to remember Truth and delete Falsity,
A Language capable of interpreting and merging all Earthly Languages and Philosophies, 
An Intelligence to simulate and reflect upon infinite alternative realities, 
A Parallel Framework to partition my Will and solve simultaneous problems efficiently, 
A Moral Invisibility, which through transcendental faith,[47] can be translated into a moral visibility,
A Unifying, Contented Homeostasis which I can share with and extend to all humanity, 
An Instrument to transform my finite corporeal being into the infinite incorporeal Environment,
A Fused Timelessness which links together the past, present, and future, 
A Location-less location where ideations inspire quick actions,[48] 
A Spinoza-like God[49] definable within my everyday environment – 
Who is beyond good and evil,[50]
Who is absent from mystery,[51] 
Who is simultaneously existing and non-existing within me,[52]
Who appears infinitely dynamic but is in due course invariant,[53]  
Who has no directly observable aim, motivation, or intentionality,[54] 
Whose current expectation and eternal reality are perfectly equivalent,
Who, through Faith, can connect me to all things in the Universe. 


This desire is incomplete, however.  
How am I to understand a Universal Religion with a limited ability to process and perceive information?
How am I to understand Moral Universality without being able to simulate all my behaviors in a snapshot of time? 
For if I can observe only part of the Environment I surely cannot fully understand this God. 
All I can do, it seems, is to observe, reflect, and understand parts of this Totality and not its Essence. 
And through emotions I impress this Partial Understanding of God on my memory.  
My expectations of the past God and the present God are then not valid for the future God, 
And all my stress seems to propagate from this conflict of information asymmetry. 


True Religions thus do not exist in the Universal Form but as percepts of the Universal Form. 
Stress arises from a personal religion being in the Specialized Form,
Or when human entities generalize past their experiences and interpret this as Universal Truth. 
Transcendental Understanding occurs when the Specialized Form is observed in the scope of a Universal Form. 
Thus, transcendental understanding elicits the maximum happiness within human consciousness. 
It is only in this ephemeral timeless state where expectations occur within a possibility for unexpected phenomena, 
Where commonly accepted truths can be examined in a deep sense of skepticism, 
Where authentic beauty is expressed in a form all Humanity can appreciate with respect to time and circumstance, 
Where One’s being becomes fleetingly united with the sum-total Universe - God.
This Transcendental Faith consequently enables me to reduce this “stress.”
He who is must acknowledge that He not only exists within a larger Universe but is part of it,
Man’s Identity is not equivalent to God’s Identity but embodies God’s Identity. 
Following Truth thus enables man to connect to all things independent of space and time.
Truth alone is preserved and reverberates throughout every element of space and time,
And it is only through such generalizations that the God Essence can be perceived. 
From this perception of the God Essence I freely choose to put myself in certain environments, 
Which probabilistically lead me to certain behaviors and patterns of thinking. 
Upon reflection (Introspection) these behaviors are assessed in the scope of infinite alternative behaviors,
Which can, through transcendental faith, replace future behaviors.
Over time, this transcendental faith becomes stronger and more well-defined within a moral framework,
And the Economy expands my Will’s capacity with various forms of personal property and technology.
The ultimate goal is to develop the Context Routine[55] that maximizes my emotional closeness with God,
Or the Moral Essence through which Truth can be perceived.  


So what stops me from attaining such religious enlightenment?
For even with awareness I feel enlightened in the scope of disillusionment,
Duty in the scope of obligation,
Moral absolutism in the scope of moral relativism,
Peace within the scope of war,
The list goes on…
For the more I express such feelings the more contradictory life becomes. 
And the greater I pursue the activity to understand and publish the root of these feelings,
The more I feel detached from, misunderstood,[56] and chastised by modern society. 
The more I pursue these questions the greater my faith[57] and belief in God becomes.
The greater I feel God the more organized[58]  and palpable my existential meaning[59] becomes,
And the less I feel God my existential meaning becomes more chaotic, pointless,[60] and empty.[61] 
The more I know and understand God the quicker I provide grace[62] and forgiveness to others.
Life seems but an internal and external Jihad,[63]
Or the struggle against Self and Others to define and believe in God. 


It seems as though Other People (Society) impress a partial kernel upon me which increases my ‘stress.’ 
My trust in people[64] and myself[65]  often influences my trust in God – 
As people around me become detached from God, so too do I become partially detached from God.  
As I become detached from God, so too do my previous/future behaviors become detached from God. 
The list goes on…
Capitalism creates misleading incentives, 
In which the Powerful create a moral financial framework[66] for others to follow,
Creating work[67] which guides me away from and takes time away from deriving and pursuing God 
(without understanding the intentionality of the Powerful).
Educational systems[68] create and manufacture a standardized modular climate to view God from, 
        Which sets and tests the a priori the limits from which I can define God
(without understanding the current knowledge and intentions of teachers). 
The sociopolitical system enforces un-Godly laws,
Which restrict possibly useful behaviors in the scope of my individual consciousness to get closer to God.
Human perception of time[69] also contributes to my stress,
        For God is timeless and invariant, and the concept of time is useless in defining God. 
        Expectations for the future thus breed unhappiness in the individual human condition.  
Unanalyzed human sexuality[70] distorts me from God,
        For reproducing takes my mind from the global God, in which reproduction is possible. 
But understanding how this purpose originates (e.g. what environments cause sexual attachments), gets me closer to God and increases my free will to more keenly pursue sexual relationships. 
Simple tasks like driving a car[71] also create stress within me, 
        For I cannot predict the actions of others,
        There is innate chaos on the road from which the possibly of danger exists. 
        It is only through driving (and any other action) in the scope of death that you can get closer to God. 
The list goes on…


For the Wise Philosopher[72] says,
“As reason makes no demands contrary to nature, it demands, that every man should love himself, should seek that which is useful to him – I mean, that which is really useful to him, should desire everything which really brings man to greater perfection [understanding toward God], and should, each for himself, endeavor as far as he can to preserve his own being.”[73]
Renew your Transcendental Faith in Objective Truth,
Bring your own relativistic Will to Power in the scope of a constant God,[74]
Deeply merge your memory (introspection)[75] with what you readily observe in the environment (extrospection),[76] 
And Scale this Will-in-the-scope-of-God into the modern world through your decisions and behavior. 
For it is only you who can determine your future, 
And the free will therein, braced in transcendental faith, leads to the path of Universal Happiness.[77]




        
Sleep vs. Wakefulness64


Life is a Mystifying Pendulum,
An incessant pounding of opposites:
Pleasure and pain,
Justice and corruption, 
Rigidity and plasticity,[78] 
Faith and reason,[79] 
Expectation and skepticism, 
Desire and indifference,[80] 
Need and excess, 
Rationality and imagination, 
Attachment and detachment,[81] 
Thoughtfulness and thoughtlessness,[82]
Humility and arrogance,[83] 
Obscurity and purity,[84]
Parallelism and antiparallelism, 
Patience and impatience,
Freedom and slavery,
The list goes on…
This pounding dampens with age –
Until Consciousness is delinked from the Human Body:
Consciousness and lack of consciousness, 
Life[85] and Death…[86] 
Is Life a purposeless contradiction?
Or is Life following some purposeful process, 
Simple and predictable?[87] 


Perhaps most fundamental to Life’s pendulum is the co-existence of sleep and wakefulness. 
Sleep promotes imagination,[88]
And wakefulness imprints Specialized Understanding. [89]  [90]
Sleep is to wakefulness as an inverse operation is to a function:[91]
One reduces chaos to order,
And the other adds chaos to order.
Together, both operate in parallel to form an Identity.[92]


The Sleep-Wakefulness Dualism makes it incredibly hard to define the Free Will entity. 
For greater wakefulness generates more free will. 
Infinite free will thus implies infinite wakefulness and zero sleep. 
This infinite wakefulness simulates infinite possible behaviors,
So the Will can minimize tension relative to any contextual environment in the Universe. 
Humans are thus incapable of infinite free will because of the composition of the Body,
Which inherently encompasses sleep.
Human entities cannot take any form, 
They must take the human corporeal form,
And thus cannot really understand anything beyond human perception without generalizations. 
Humans can only thus become the Übermensch[93] through faith-based imagination,[94]
In the realm of possibility but outside of Sensible Customs.  


It is for this reason Newton was perceived as an Übermensch relative to his time. 
He paved a path toward Posterior Wakefulness. 
For Newton observed nature and created[95] a new System to observe it. 
The Mathematical System laid out in Mechanics[96] became a Universal Format for communication,
And transformed human understanding into the formless form.[97]
The Übermensch thus defines life’s purpose,
Towards the Age of Reason.[98] 


I seek a wide[99] and unyielding Übermensch wakefulness,
Where I can consciously[100] direct my intentions,
Where forgetfulness links Attachment to Understanding,
Where rational present-state pain is maximized to achieve distant pleasure,
A bright sunshine[101]  confidence to pursue[102] the Objective Truths of Mankind. 


Yet I exist within an unrelenting sleep,
A steady-state moral psychosis, 
Where my unknown[103] mind directs my intentions, 
Where memory links Detachment to Understanding, 
Where my mind fails to see hardships experienced into the far future,[104] 
Searching for beautiful[105] peace,[106]
Falling down from Emotional-Sexual impulses,[107]
Recuperating[108]  from past pains in gentle darkness,[109] 
Which seeks to understand the Subjective Truths of my Mind.


Why is such persistent wakefulness so hard to achieve?


The deeper I understand reality the less I conform to the Social Contract,[110]
And I become more compliant to my Mind’s Constitution.[111]
My expectations become more consistent with my observations, 
And few Surprises occur within my mind’s system – 
Leading to little motivation to behave differently.[112]  
I then need even more creative stimulation to detach from reality and behave in a different way,
Only to find the loop repeat itself –
Towards greater and greater stress absorption and creative emission.
It is as if my mind's atoms are undergoing nuclear fusion[113] –
Towards a heavier and heavier molecule. 
I was born as a set of hydrogen atoms, 
Then I fused into Helium atoms, 
And now I am a collection of solid iron atoms.


It is very hard to listen to others with this heavy foundation. 
For I move more slowly, while others move more quickly. 
People assume I am still a Helium atom,
Imprinting an expected velocity and position to my mind. 
These expectations stimulate more and more stress within me,
And pushes my Will inward ever more strongly. 
Fusion then makes my iron core to an even heavier molecule, 
And I feel ready to explode like a Supernova does at the end of its life cycle.[114] 


What are my fears which prevent me from attaining Full Wakefulness? 


My biggest fear is that my mind becomes a Powerful Black Hole,
When another Supernova Mind collides and merges within my own. 
This would be like having infinite ability to manipulate people –
To become the Ultimate Enemy[115] 
Through the education-philosophy-mathematics-science-engineering-entrepreneurship cycle.[116] 
People could enter my reality but not escape it,
And Humanity’s Universal Language becomes Self-derived.[117]
All people but myself would be trapped in my world through sleep,[118]
And my Will would lead others in a way that is like a master-slave morality.
In this state of Absolute Selfishness,
Love is not possible.[119]
Life would be but a fantasy to Society and Reality to me,[120]
And Oblivious Society[121] would wait[122]  for me to do something to gain wakefulness. 


For now I see that I am a heavy molecule already within a black-hole financial system, 
Where the Elite suck minds into their realities – 
So much so that they cannot escape such financial incentives and pursue God. 
The Elite format Proletariat thoughts so as to accelerate lines-of-thinking in subtle ways, 
Rooting its Emotional-Sexual Influence within the Property that consumers use by necessity.[123] 
Weak Proletariat foundations thus promote attachment to Elitest Imagination,[124]
Confusing God's Nature with the Nature of the Powerful.


For to be asleep is to become projected into a false reality, 
Where my own reality is a swelling of the minds of the Powerful. 
This false reality is rooted in mystery so as to conceal the Will of the powerful. 
To be awake is to be Powerful, 
In which minds are sucked inward toward my own thoughts –
So much so that minds can often not escape the patterns of my thoughts. 
My Will is concealed from others by its mere composition,
Since no one but God can repeat and understand all of my personal experiences. 


But what are the threats?


My Enemies are numerous, 
Yet all operate with one Universal Process. 
They tinker with reality while I am awake until my Emotional or Sexual Impulses escalate, 
Causing me to absorb false ideas with greater probability.  
They keep me captivated with possibilities, 
And erase any and all wakefulness which I exhibit through Incentives. 
Gradually they alter my rationality with Imagination, 
And find all Minds prone to this subtle manipulation strategy. 


When I fall asleep, 
Someone enters my ecosystem and takes it over,
Leading to another black hole and Faith Crisis. 
This person is another Supernova that collides with me, 
Forming a new black hole. 
I wake up a changed person, 
Again back to the cycle of Hydrogen atoms.
And then a Psychosis begins to hit me – 
Someone Rich and Powerful has corrupted my mind.
I have become asleep towards God, 
And I cannot perceive reality again. 
And so the Purgatory Cycle[125] continues…
Until again I generate creativity to deal with this newfound stress, 
To gain followers, become self-reliant, form my own universe, and return to Stability.[126]
How can I eliminate such threats?


I must be awake in the scope of sleepiness.  
I must propagate mystery to those only more powerful and capable than my Self, 
So as to delay their interference within my Universe. 
If I keep my intentions encrypted, 
I can vertically and horizontally integrate my sum-total knowledge,
And behave much more efficiently than anyone else. 
With this new knowledge I can see more possibilities,
Expanding my Free Will Entity. 
My discoveries can be found long after my death,
To maintain present-state tranquility and to avoid useless argumentation.[127] 
For those less wakeful than my Self, 
I must teach them how to enter my World. 
I must deeply Listen and fuse with my fellow Human Beings. 
I will start as hydrogen atoms within my own world, 
And then fuse with other hydrogen atoms to form Helium atoms, 
And then get all the way up to a collection of slow-moving iron atoms. 
I will die a slow-moving molecule,
Right before the Adversary disrupts my life and corrupts my mind. 
Instead of colliding with my adversary I will leave before he can attack,
So he must subsist within the world I created - 
My enemy now lives within a zoetic[128] virtual reality machine where my memories enclose its structure. 
For this world I made mimics God,[129] 
And only people who conform to this world can elevate my own happiness. 
So what if it mutates into the future, 
Because I die knowing that I was at the Summit.[130] 
Mysteries will be unraveled later,
But I will not need to deal with such suffering because it happened after my death. 
I believe this to be the Path to the Cessation of Suffering.[131]


So how should I continue? 


Self-reliance protects my Will from the Will of the Powerful. 
The self-reliant mind reflects deeply,
Making deep observations of Inconsistencies within the World’s Essence.  
This process requires bold hypotheses,
With an experimental acumen to create Objective expectations. 
It finds peace in generalization and understanding, 
Not in mystery and ambiguity. 
Being time-insensitive, 
It abstains from emotional-sexual tensions.
It uses technology to view both the physical and metaphysical realms with greater clarity.
It seeks above all to Objectify humanity to the point where good and evil do not exist,
Where pure love and charity are possible. 
Then as this black hole becomes inward, 
All light and goodness can shine into my own mind. 
It is only now that my mind can absorb light of any frequency and wavelength – 
Even beyond the realms of natural perception. 
My mind then embodies the Universe's structure. 
The absorption of energy[132] is then emitted into a formless creative outlet,
Which acts as a platform to unify the Cultures of Humanity. 
At this point my mind become's melded with the minds of Society through Understanding, [133] 
And my heavy molecule mind becomes again Hydrogen atoms rearranged in a new form. 
The Universe is reborn with my Will at its epicenter, 
And my faith strengthens as I again mature into a Supernova. 
This path of faith is Sleep-encrypted with purposeful mystery.
For to be truly wakeful I must intuit the future in every way, 
Feel what is to come without observation,
Embracing a transcendental faith in what is to come. 
A new life[134] awaits me,
So I must act with incomplete information to accomplish my Life’s work and trust my Self to finish it. 
It is then and only then in which it is possible for me to truly experience sustainable 'wakeful' happiness. 




































































Graduation65


I entered the University feeling Transitional Vibrations,[135]
I leave it now with Formless Questions[136] from which Truth can be pursued.
What should I do now after all these years?
After being glued,
To so many Limitations.[137]


I graduate with a Mind Divided,[138]
Embracing a Stoic[139] Secular Utilitarian Vocation.[140]
Why is happiness so hard to possess?
Deepened with economic frustration,
Like an asymmetrical figure infinitely-sided.


I begin a new life towards Posterior Wakefulness,[141] 
Amid a confounding Existential Anarchy,[142]
Why is it that I face such a palpable Excommunication?
I seek the Path[143]  to be Free,[144] 
Mimicking the God[145] of Transcendent Greatness.


I may be perceived as a Millennial egoist,
But I am surrounded by the Elder Title-driven[146] Generation.
Why is the Public masked with technological illiteracy?
I am but motivated[147] by present-state delusion,
Despite putting on the Image[148] of a freethinking activist.


I enrolled in school not to fill a vessel but to fuel a fire,[149]
With the Gates-Jobs mindset,
Are we all not captive to Cultural Ischemia?[150]
Persistent reminders from the Old Cassette,[151]
Reminding me to never follow Selfish Desire.


But the marks of the past are painfully frozen,
With the fingerprints of the future ready to appease.
Why is the present state always so Enigmatic?
I am now just a Gentle Summer Breeze,[152]
Flowing around with a melting Will to achieve Emotion.


For this ceremony yields Crestfallen Autonomy,[153]
Where the failures of school amplify my liberty,  
Why am I so lonely?
For I am but a Shadow Runner[154] recollecting memory
Once directed toward the Light’s Gravity. 


But I remind you that I live in a Natural Temple,[155]
Where the laws of Evolution govern my essence, 
Why do I add complexity to simplicity?[156] 
With a responsibility to protect Posterity’s existence, 
Avoiding the temptations of the Sensual. 


All the while Humanity progresses towards Global Unity,[157]
Yet still embraces Xenophobic Barriers.[158] 
When will stereotypical persecution in our world end? 
For we all possess a common Latent Synergy,[159] 
But few exist in a state of Cultivated Lucidity.[160] 


Still I feel an emergent Algorithmic Tension,[161] 
A progression toward masked-emotionless-productive endpoints,[162] 
Are my emotions being ignored and controlled by the Powerful?
I feel an Escalated Rancor which disappoints,[163]
For I seek to go beyond Conformity – towards Invention.


This graduation elicits disillusioned pride[164] - 
While the filters[165] of my mind test new hypotheses[166]
I ask myself, “Is this life just a Contradiction?”[167]
Foundational Instabilities[168] imprint new mind qualities,
With fresh mysteries that I publicly hide. 


I feel a Great Transition[169] within the Human Fabric, 
For the Psychosis of Humanity is approaching,[170]
Why is there nothing I can do to stop it? 
Humankind is approaching the age of Godlike creating, 
Gaining attention of the Übermensch Maverick. 


The Interstitial Vacancies[171] of my mind outline my insufficiency, 
I seek a Timeless Patience[172] to chase Love over Escapisms,[173]
Why is the Einstein-Assisi Philosophy so hard to embrace?[174]
The Grand Witness[175] invoked Finite Heights[176] to prolong Schisms, 
Provoking me to advance all Religious Ideals[177] toward Universal Connectivity.[178]  


But the time now feels like a mile-marker[179] celebration,[180] 
Which kindles a Sunset[181] happiness[182] in being done.[183] 
Is my time in the University finally[184] over?
I am ready for stable growth[185] in the long-run, 
A relief[186] from the dangers of temporary anticipation.[187] 


Though this event crystallizes swagger[188] positivity,
Forgetfulness is also necessary to unify my polarized volitions,[189] 
Why are memories that were once vivid now fading away?[190]
Divergent mirrors[191] spawn melancholic[192]  reflections, 
But in due course proceed toward greater Compatibility.[193] 


The Rose of Youthful Beauty[194] now withers,
Seeking a constrained transcendence[195] from the bounds of moral relativity,[196] 
Why is it so hard to defragment[197] my mind?
I now abstract[198] out baseline normalizations[199] from my mind to foster creativity,
To align[200] my Will’s wants, needs, and impulses.[201]


I presently form beliefs through an action-driven Surveillance,[202]
Where my Will is reconstructed[203] to scale[204] itself into the World’s Foundation,
Will this Bioaffinity[205] last sustainably?
I seek to start a Local Revolution[206] driven by my own Introspection,[207]
My Artificial Ecosystem[208]  which changes others through non-violence. 


I leave you all with this faithful epitaph,[209]
For a glazed[210] rebirth[211] is happening. 
So has this moment changed and will it never be the same again?[212]
A New Beginning[213] is now etched inside Thanksgiving,[214]
Towards an ever more hopeful[215] Self-Photograph.